todo


add some more social interactions with the gang post-get-together - the only time they all meet up between get-together and chloe's birthday is the uni day
	ideas:
		boy's night - connor and trey go for beers and shoot the shit
		


Have more scenes at uni, especially post-open day, you can add Anna there too

have a scene where chloe goes for her bi-annual cancer screening
	overall, integrate VS into her story a little more


Establish the Rogues Gallery:
	The Broken/Unbroken
		Harpy
			Harpy is Eliza, homeless woman and friend of Connor, captured by Vacher
			Her fight:
				Connor is tracking Eliza
				Harpy flies in, uses Sonic Screech to incapacitate him
				Chloe, who was present and tracking, takes off her hearing aids, grabs Naismith's gun, and shoots at her, hitting her wing
				Connor rises, prepares the coup de grace, hesitates, she screams and flies off
		Tox
			Tox is Mo, RS's Drug Chef, kidnapped by the Patriots and twisted by Vacher
			His fight:
				He uses his Rads to deactivate Connor's healing factor, before using hallucinogenic gas to make Connor go mad
				Connor levels a multi-story car park in confusion, dirtying his image
				Tox runs away into the night
		Roach
			Roach is Owen Hooks, a random man kidnapped by Vacher. He is a carrier for FOP, and Vacher used this
			His fight:
				Connor and Sparky get the call of a horrifying bone-man on the loose
				They fight him, and their attacks do nothing
				Chloe tells him to aim for soft tissue, he does and decapitates, only for Roach to carry on fighting
				Chloe formulates a plan to draw Roach to the uni where they can use hydrofluoric acid to weaken him
				Roach wises up to the plan, and goes to attack a school
				Connor slashes his own stomach open and pours the acid over him, crippling him and sending him running. Connor passes out
			Fight radio dialogue:
				Connor: "Uh, Ivan? The hostile is a big skeleton."
				*ivan shoots him, bullet bounces off.*
				Ivan: "Correction, tovarishch. It's a big skeleton that we *can't fucking kill.*"
				Connor: "Chloe, I'm currently tangling with an immovable object, and I don't think I'm an unstoppable force!"
				Chloe: "His skin - it looks similar to Fibrodysplasia Occificans progressiva."
				Connor: (sarcastically) "Oh, of course."
				*Chloe facepalms.* "There should be some soft tissue on the joints and around the neck."
				*Connor decapitates him.*
				Connor: "Hey guys? Petition to change my superhero name to 'Unstoppable Force'"
				*audible groans over the radio, but the Roach rises and uppercuts Connor, sending him flying
				Connor: "Scratch that! Hostile still active!"
		Blitz
			Blitz is Luke Miller, an American merc who was wounded in a fight with Super-Agents and given an Offer he couldn't refuse
			His fight:
				He throws trick-grenades at Connor, overwhelming him
				Connor nearly falls, but when he gets set on fire, his Rage kicks in and he lobs a car at Blitz
				Blitz panics, and Harpy swoops in and saves him
		Wraith
			Wraith is Michael Waters, a kidnapped man. Vacher flayed him and put a bonding suit on him
			His fight:
				Wraith shows up out of nowhere causing havoc. Harpy swoops in and carries him away, leading Connor on a chase into a trap - a massive incinerator. Before the oven fires up, Wraith takes Connor's form, and winks.
				Wraith then goes to Connor's and begins sabotaging his life:
					He tells Missy that she turned him into a killer by being Laverty's victim
					He tells Vince it's his fault Lorna died
					He tries to pressure Chloe into having sex with him - she shoots him in the face
					He skulks over to the flat, intent on telling Sparky he views him as a tool - Sparky smells it's not Connor and immediately mauls him
					Ivan interrogates him, but to no avail - his conditioning runs too deep
				Meanwhile, Connor's charred body finally awakes, and drags itself out of the trap. He rushes over to the safehouse.
				There, he bursts in half-dead, points at Wraith and screams "That's not me!" before passing out.
				Once fully healed, Connor interrogates Wraith. He learns that the Broken believe that killing Connor will restore their old lives. He hesitates, and gaslights Wraith into revealing their location by pointing out that if he goes there, he'll die, and Wraith will be restored.
				He then whispers to Chloe. She tells him that only the one who kills him will be restored, causing Wraith to scream and howl. She then releases him from a secure location, and he makes a beeline for the hideout.
		Full team
			Connor		Tox
			Trey		Harpy
			Sparky		Roach
			Ivan		Blitz
			The fight:
				Trey and Blitz engage in a western-style gunslinging fight
				Connor keeps his cool in his fight with Tox, focusing his electromagnetic sense to figure out what's real and what's a hallucination
				Sparky harasses Roach, evading all his hits and sending him crashing into things
				Ivan manages to score a good hit on Harpy's wings, sending her crashing
				Wraith bursts in, screaming about how Connor lied, and how only the one who kills him will be restored. Hearing this, the Broken turn on each other despite Blitz's orders
					Harpy Screams at Wraith, destabilising his suit and taking him down
					Tox sprays acid over Roach, taking him down
					Then Tox and Harpy fight - she uses her scream to take him down despite the hallucinations (AoEing on Mirror Image, basically)
					Finally, she swoops in for Connor, and he hugs her, begging her to remember who she was
					She breaks down in tears, and hugs him back, before using her sonic power to chirp "Marching through Georgia" (she played that on her flute for Connor when she was human)
					Defeated, Blitz surrenders, and begs Connor to finish the job, saying something like "They aren't the only Broken ones here."
					Connor considers it, but spares the lot. Ivan has Riverside take custody of the Broken, while Blitz is sent on a suicide mission to gather intel on the Captain. He's given a cyanide tooth, and told that if he thinks that Vacher might get his hands on him, he should use it.



add a bit more humour; jokes include:
	maned wolf: not a wolf etc
	"wagwan, dickheads." "manners." "sorry. wagwan dickheads, please"
	for the dinner date:
		have him pronounce things wrong: sauvignon blanc as "Saw-vigg-nonn blank", Bouillabaisse as "Bouli--Bwoolie--fuck it, fish." and filet mignon as "Fillet migg-nun"
	setting up Trey's tinder:
		"He in the streets/Him in the sheets"
		"Pronouns like a coughing butler: He/him"
	sparky playing poker - he always loses because he wags his tail when he gets a good hand
		maybe have this gag come in before the gang play a game together?


Have more downtime with other characters post-reveals.
	Overall, have the gang see more of Connor's powers in non-fight settings. Have him lift stuff for them, spot things in the faraway, etc

Add more interaction between Missy and the girls

Add a *lot* more interactions for Anna - at time of writing, Naismith has more mentions than her

Add some stuff for Bea too, but that'll come under the Charlie storyline
	Really, try to add to Charlie's manipulations - Bea's a confident, feministic girl, you need to justify why she'd fall for his crap
	Also, give her some depth outside of Charlie - don't let Bea become the Abused Girl


remove the chloe+bea chat about Connor post-discomfort - it's Chloe's first day back at uni, she's got more pressing things than boys to talk about.


have a scene where chloe is sick and connor frets over her, causing her to snap that she doesn't need him coddling her


Victor & Connor bonding
	They go to the pub
	Victor's clubmates show up and begin mistreating him
	They pressure him to do cocaine
	While under the influence, Victor mouths off at Connor, and hits him.
	Connor is pissed off, and walks to the bar to calm down.
	Connor returns, and Victor tells him to go away.
	One of the clubmates says something to the effect of "go shag his freak sister"
	Victor slaps this guy, and they attack him before Connor saves him

have Trey be shot by Abiatti's men - this is the start of the Progeny reveal


Have a good long think about the Inspos of the story.
	Prototype
		Body horror
		Dark Biopunk
	Metal Gear
		Camp AF
		Conspiracies
		Musings on War
	Invincible
		Reconstructionism
		Clash between superheroics and civilian life
	X-Men
		Mutant heroes
		Social commentary
	Lucifer
		Cosmic forces
		Masquerades
	Mr. Robot
		Identity & mental health
		Hacking & vigilantes as people
	Disco Elysium
		Pain and rebirth themes
		Philosophical
	Mass Effect
		Space Opera meets Cosmic Horror
	Venom
		Flesh-based horror-power
	Deus Ex
		Tangled webs of cabals
		Cyberpunk and What is a man?
	Watch Dogs
		Hacking surveillance state
		Vigilantism and Vengeance
	Line of Duty
		Police procedural elements
		Corruption and Org. Crime



Valentines date
	connor is delayed by heroics
	they discuss the moment they realised they liked each other
		for connor, it was when she helped him after mercer
		for chloe, she had the epiphany during christmas
	asking chloe when she figured out his identity
		she most likely clocked it during the morland raid, or; during their sparring session afterwards
	asking chloe what she was saving for
dr rosenbaum seeks connor's help with serum rejection patients
chloe's grandad has stroke
connor fights a Behemoth - decides to start training
connor and chloe go horseriding
have the thompson kill end in major shakeups in glasgow - push valentine's back a week or so
naismith clashes with morland
have trey find out sooner
zhou meets up with rawlings - stinger
zhou 'stalking' anna
lorna's death anniversary
arcade
	have chloe not show up - studying as she's behind on coursework
	connor asks if he's being too clingy
	connor feels shit for winning every game
		he then has fun on the Klaw
	Give Trey and Bea a moment here
	have Rico show up
have a fight between connor and captain
	have this fight result in an injury to captain - like a hand loss
		then, have this be the trigger that reveals his identity as connor's father
			after this, have them dig out a dossier detailing captain's history:
				his real name is robert davis
				his father was a grand wizard of the KKK
				he joined the CIA in 1991, as a double-agent for ODESSA
				he was deployed to Northern Ireland in 1993, tasked with infiltrating the Catholic Defence Force (CDF)
				there, he met Eamon Barrett, a leader of the group
				he became infatuated with Eamon's daughter, Lorna Barrett
				he stalked her, and cultivated a good relationship with the other leaders of the CDF
				he used this leverage to pressure Eamon to give Lorna away to him
				he then moved to America with her, abused her - she escaped
				when she returned to Derry, she realised she was pregnant, causing Eamon to kick her out and cut ties with the CDF
				Lorna moved to Drackhill to stay with Vince, and gave birth to Connor a few months later
				Captain disappeared after this
have the campbell informant betray connor
	have a Hound attack Connor and cause collateral damage
	cause this to drive Connor into a revenge-driven spiral
		conclude the vengeance arc with connor sacrificing a chance at vengeance in order to save people
			then, have him swap the unhealthy motive of vengeance with the healthier motive of "stop them from hurting others like they hurt me"



For the finale, two options:
	have Connor and Chloe be trapped by ODESSA while investigating a lead - possibly the arrival of Moxidar
		pros: less contrived
	have Connor captured, and Trey, Ivan, and Sparky incapacitated - have Chloe use Connor's tracker to save him
		pros: chloe has more agency, takes a more active role in the story




emotional beats:
	during the captain-connor fight(s), have captain confused as to why connor chooses to do good
		something like:
			"you have all this power, why do you help people"
			"because i want to"


chloe and connor struggle with jar - comical scene

characterise the gang a little more
	flashback scenes?
		rico and kay
		naismith history





This scene won't come up until much, much later - most likely the midpoint of Templar or maybe Monster Ops depending on when Chloe becomes a Vamp - but i'm writing it here before I forget.
	When Chloe has become a Vampire, she initially doesn't want to see Connor, fearing he'll be disgusted.
	One night, she runs off. Connor tracks her down to a cliffside, where she's considering suicide. She questions if such a fall would even kill her
	Connor begs her not to, swearing that there is still hope
	She turns to face him, revealing her blood-red eyes and pallid skin. She screams that she's a monster, and her bloodthirst will make her kill innocent people
	Connor counters that his own Berserker Rage made him feel the same way, but he overcame it - just as she will
	She says she can't overcome it, pointing out that even in Connor's worst Rages, he never wanted to kill *her* - but she feels an unbearable urge to Drain him
	He walks closer to her, and says he trusts her. She screams that he needs to stay away. She says something to the effect of "I'm not Chloe anymore! I'm a monster!"
	Connor responds by gripping her shoulders. She looks up at him, confused and tense
	He squeezes her shoulders gently to help ground her, while looking right into her eyes.
	"You are still Chloe. You are still You."
	He moves his hands down to hold hers.
	She sobs that she will kill him if he doesn't leave, that she has no choice.
	Connor gently rests his forehead on hers.
	"Then do it."
	Chloe's eyes flash red, as the Thirst begins to overtake her.
	"Tell me you hate me." she whispers, her voice possessed and ethereal.
	"I love you." he replies. He pulls her into an embrace, purposefully exposing his neck.
	She puts her mouth on his neck, but doesn't bite. She closes her eyes, and tenses them, before hugging him back.

	(remember, this is before she becomes a Vampire Lord - thus, Connor's blood smells almost intoxicating due to his powers)