
______________________________
FOREWORD
	The following novel contains strong language right from the fucking start.
	This is a work of fiction, set in an alternate-history world. A narrative timeline of events, and in-universe fiction primers, can be found in this chapter. A quick summary of the setting can be found at the end of this chapter - feel free to skip ahead if you just want the basics.
	References to historical figures, organisations, institutions, or events, should be understood in this context.
	Great effort has been made to ensure that references to real people are only used when talking about individuals who are dead, both in-universe and out. References to these people are purely fictional. It is not, for example, a factual assertion of the author that Nicolae Ceausescu was assassinated by the KGB in the late 80s.
	Any resemblance between living characters in this story, and real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
	No part of this story is intended to depict factual events or make claims about real individuals.
	References to real-life organisations, companies, agencies, or existing media, should never be taken as factual statements about those topics.
	Satirical elements and social commentary are integral to the narrative and should not be interpreted as factual assertions by the author.

	If you feel this novel has made damaging remarks about yourself or an organisation you represent, or that we have infringed on properties you hold the rights to, you can reach out via [https://rottencore.github.io/legal/].

	This story contains discussion and depiction of topics and themes some viewers may, and indeed should, find disturbing. These include, but are not limited to: abuse, racial violence, sexual assault, bigotry, mistreatment of children, and more.
	A full trigger warning is available at [https://rottencore.github.io/content-warning/].

	No animals were harmed in the making of this novel. A couple of fascists, however...

	This story is dedicated to my dogs, Caesar and Hermes, without whom I would have had the time to write the sequel by now.

	With special thanks to my partner Evie, for her inspiring sarcasm and admirable tolerance.

	The old world is dying.
	The new world struggles to be born.

	Now is the time of monsters.

Foreword
______________________________
TLDR
	The key differences between Rotten Core's history and ours boil down to 3 points:
		1. Vladimir Lenin was succeeded by a triumvirate, rather than by Stalin. The USSR was much closer to its founding ideals, and the Eastern Bloc was much more unified - the Sino-Soviet split never happened, for example. But by 1994, the bureaucracy founded by Stalin's supporters took over across the Eastern bloc. They ruled for 15 years, when in 2009 the entire bloc collapsed into brutal civil war - imagine the Yugoslav wars, but covering nearly all of Eurasia.
		2. Huey Long, the founder of modern American populism, survived his 1935 assassination, and went on to become the puppetmaster of the American government throughout the Second World War. However, the development of a corrupt oligarchy from his dirty tricks made him realise it was all for nothing, and he killed himself in 1946, his successor being ousted in the '48 elections by Douglas MacArthur and his clique, leading to a Cold War America even more openly corporatocratic than OTL (basically, imagine Reagan being about as far left as things get.)
		3. The British Empire fell violently, as anti-independence crackdowns triggered mass revolts. Canada was annexed by the US; Australasia (a police state formed from Australia and New Zealand) became a militaristic hegemon; South Africa initially joined the Axis, and later, backed by the USA, maintained apartheid well into the 2010s; and the Raj became taken over by the Azad Hind movement, leading to oppression, rebellion, and more oppression in its Muslim and Sikh provinces. Ireland, however, remained under British rule; in 2002, a crackdown in Derry was so brutal, it earned the nickname 'The Bogside War.' Thanks to the "Imperial Boomerang," the British domestic government is de-facto anocratic, with a rigged two-party system and a marginalised left wing, similar to the USA.
	
	Aside from all of this, many smaller things happened across the world - you can read the Primer to check on the 'modern day,' or just read ahead.

	On behalf of all of us, I hope you enjoy this story, and without further ado...
	WELCOME TO THE ROTTING WORLD.

A Rotting World
______________________________
VOLUME 1
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The morning sun dragged itself up from the horizon, shining softly over Geneva. Cold autumnal winds swept through the World City, scattering orange leaves like glitter on a child's drawing. Zeppelins floated through the skies, while jetplanes crisscrossed above them. Down below, the people moved like ants.
			Zhao looked both ways at the small road, and crossed quickly. He pulled his coat's hem, trying to keep some warmth.
			He felt like someone was watching him. But then, he always did.
			Ahead, a large, gleaming building of glass and steel - the World Health Organisation's headquarters. Or, as he thought of it: work.
			"Good morning, Eva." he nodded as he entered.
			"Good morning, Dr. Zhao!"
			The barrier slid open, and he passed through, glancing over his shoulder.
			From the outside, a noise bled in - some kind of engine running, or an abnormal wind effect. Before he could place it, a voice called out.
			"Morning, Zhao." an older, stern-faced man in a sharp suit nodded.
			"Ah, Dr. Ibekwe. Did you get those reports I sent you?"
			"I did. I must say... I thought the xeno-grehlin would've worked."
			A quiet sigh, before Ibekwe spoke again. "Back to the drawing board, I suppose."
			"I'll talk to the Director. Maybe we can--"
			"NOBODY FUCKIN' MOVE!"
			Gunshots. Lots of them.
			Shattering glass. Screaming.
			"RUN!" Zhao roared. Ibekwe froze, in blind panic.
			Zhao yanked open a door, and shoved Ibekwe through. He went to follow--
			*BANG!*
			At first, it didn't hurt. His heartbeat quickened as his eyes shot downwards. The bullet slammed into his knee, buckling it.
			Then, the pain hit. A scream ripped out of his throat, as he forced himself to see his assailant.
			"Please, I'm begging you--"
			He was answered by a rifle's stock crashing into his temple. His eyes rolled back as his conscious mind lulled.
			"Him, too." his attacker barked. 
			The rough hands of another gunman wrapped around Ibekwe's wrists.
			They dragged their prizes out to the front - where a black helicopter hovered lowly.
			Captives were thrown aboard, as Zhao was hauled in.
			As the chopper took off, the lead gunman put his fingers to his ear.
			"Command, this is Delta Five-One. Package secure."
			The engines screamed as their afterburners kicked in, and the chopper tore on through the skies.

			The room was dark. An imposing man, with greying hair and a cropped beard, was illuminated by a blue screen that flickered into white. Ink-black veins jutted and tore down his cheeks, like running mascara. A nexus of these clustered around his eyes, whose steel irises glimmered in the shadows.
			"Gentlemen." he began. He spoke with a Virginian accent - and at once sounded like honey and sulphur. "Thank you for attending."
			"Commandant." an implacable voice growled from the speakers. "You have a lot of nerve."
			"Enough. What's done is done." cut in a second voice. An older, upper-class accent was palpable, even through the modulation. "I have spoken with our friends in Geneva - no further action will be taken."
			"The operation was a success." the Commandant protested.
			"Oh it was, was it?" the first voice scowled.
			"To an extent." the second added. "The... erratic nature of the attack can be worked to our advantage. Federal Police will butt heads with UN Security, and Interpol will be completely ineffective. Switzerland's tradition of direct democracy has always limited our influence... By provoking public fear, we can herd the sheep into our pens."
			"And the WHO?"
			"Placated. We've pinned the attack on the Romand Citizen's Army. What matters now is that we have Dr. Zhao again. Now he must be reminded of his... obligations."
			"Oh, he will be reminded alright... I can *assure* you of that, sir." the Commandant scowled.
			"Good. Now... continue your report."
			"Gladly, sir." the Commandant nodded. "Operations in the East have progressed smoothly. The Reds are on the back foot."
			"Excellent." the first voice audibly grinned. "Our associates in America should be pleased. Lord Oxford, how fare our proxies in the third world?"
			"Quite well, quite well." the aristocrat replied. "Western backing of the Somali coup has opened up the nation's oil reserves to our backers, and by extension, us. How about on your front, Claus?"
			"I've been keeping an eye on Renard, as requested. He's been in contact with Neumann."
			"Damn fool. You almost have to admire the balls on him." Oxford audibly grinned.
			"And how about your group, Commandant?"
			"We work ever closer to the Final Victory, sir."
			"Indeed, indeed." Claus replied dismissively.
			"Don't forget who pays your wages, Commandant." Oxford added hastily. "Your... 'ideological inflexibilities' had better not impair our operations."
			"Of course not, sir." the Commandant nodded, his lip curling silently.
			"Commandant?" Claus chimed in. A hint of glee cut through the modulation.
			"Yes, sir?"
			"You are hereby ordered to cease all activities regarding the Progeny investigation. Just bring Zhao back to Drackhill, and restart production. The 'children' are off-limits."
			"Agreed." Oxford added. "The last thing we need is to provoke Neumann even further. Geneva was bad enough..."
			"...Sir." the Commandant reluctantly growled. He cut off the call, and dialed a second number.
			"Commandant!" a jovial voice exclaimed. "How did the meeting with the Board go, sir?"
			"Need-to-know basis, Morland."
			"That badly, eh?"
			The Commandant didn't reply. Instead, he called another number.
			"Commandant, sir. Mr. Morland, sir."
			"Five-One." the Commandant began. "Is everything in place?"
			"Yes, sir." the soldier audibly nodded. "Drackhill ETA is 45 Mikes. My men on the ground have moved into the field lab."
			The Commandant stroked the hairs on his chin, before taking a deep breath.
			"And the boy?"
			"We're ready to grab him, sir."
			The Commandant grinned savagely. "I'll do it. I'll meet you at the Fenrir site."
			"As you wish, sir."
			"Morland - you have your orders," he continued. "Damn the board to hell, Progeny will be mine. And soon, you shall have more supply than you can dream of."
			"Excellent, sir." Morland gleefully replied. "Hail Victory."
			"Hail Victory, sir."
			"Hail Victory." the Commandant nodded. He switched off his computer, and lit a cigar. He took a long drag, and smiled devilishly.

		Conspiracy prologue
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was the 9th of October, 2015. A crisp, cold Friday morning.
			The sun shone in through the curtainless window, illuminating a 2-bed apartment. In one room laid a young man, with scruffy, dark-blonde hair. Strands fell across his forehead in no particular order, as though sleep itself had styled them, while a faint ginger stubble shadowed his jaw.
			Connor Barrett.
			His phone, plugged into a charger on the floor and resting on the bedside table, began to hum a pleasant-sounding tune.
			Connor groaned, and sat up, pulling the blanket off of him. He turned off the alarm, looked down at his pillow, and seriously considered saying "Fuck it," and staying home.
			Nevertheless, he forced himself to rise. He stretched out, and it felt like every joint in his body clicked at once. In truth, just his shoulders and knees.
			He leant forward, stretching out his back and touching his toes.
			"Fuck me..." he muttered, before shuffling like a zombie towards the kitchen space, and making himself a coffee. His accent had a funny quality - it was never sure where it was from. He sounded like a local, but had strong Irish influences as well. As for his tone, it was flat - intonations were largely neutral, as though he put far more stock into words than their presentation.
			He sipped from the cup, and allowed the bitter taste to snap him into reality. He walked to the window and considered a cigarette, then shook his head. He opened it and leant out, breathing in through the nose to absorb the city's smell.
			Drackhill. Once a major industrial hub, set to be the economic capital of the south-west. The city sat comfortably in the Drackhill Valley, nestled between Dartmoor and the coast. Connor's flat was on the western side of Drackhill - a poor, neglected township called Redbridge.
			He craned his head, and looked across the river. He could see the old, dilapidated industrial district of Belson. He saw the wealthy, uptight centre of Caldermouth. He looked out, and saw the rolling hills and moors of Blackmarsh. On the horizon, he could just about make out the nearby town of Wickermast. Finally, he finished this little exercise by climbing his eyes up the great hill in the centre of the city - Wyrmrock. The city's ancient namesake, from an old tale of dragons and trolls. He cracked a slight grin, watching two airships pass each other by.
			He sniffed at his armpit, and grimaced, before heading into the bathroom, stripping, and hopping into the shower.
			Hopping wasn't hyperbole - fully awake, he vaulted the bathtub's side and used his toes to soften his descent. He grinned at his own lameness.
			The hot--well, lukewarm--water flowed over his skin, washing away the sweat and the stink. He reached for the shower gel, and focused on the important bits - hair, armpits, groin. He vigorously rubbed a spot on his arm, only for the sleep-dust in his eyes to clear, and he realised it was just his freckles. He chuckled.
			He looked at his reflection in the mirror. His steel-grey eyes caught the flickering ceiling light. He pulled his cheek with his hand, inspecting his stubble. He shrugged, content with its length, and brushed his hair.
			Clean now, he buffeted himself with a towel, only to hear a banging on the door.
			"Oi, dickhead! Hurry up."
			He grinned, threw on some pants and a shirt, and opened the door to his flatmate and foster-sister.
			"About time." she snarked. Her name was Amelia Zhao - and she'd kick you in the groin if you called her that. Everyone called her Amy.
			Her hair was almost the platonic ideal of a punk rocker's style - dyed jet-black, with bright red tips bouncing in the draft. A fringe neatly framed her hazel eyes, and the right side had been cropped into a short undercut, while the rest hung freely from her head. A collage of tattoos covered her arms, some crudely self-applied, some professional.
			"Morning, twat." Connor chirped back nonchalantly.
			"Yeah, no time for small talk. Need a piss." she chuckled, pushing past him and closing the door.
			"Love you too." he grinned, heading to his room to finish dressing himself.
			He checked his rota. He saw he'd be on shift with Trey, and let out a silent cheer. Sufficiently motivated, he pulled his jacket over him, slipped on his baseball cap, and left the flat.

			It was a normal day for Riverside Repairs. The scent of oil and old coffee hung in the air. A car with a broken radio was positioned in the repair bay, the news broadcast being spat out in garbled syllables.
			"--paratist forces--eiged the capital--eaving thousands woun--"
			Connor climbed into the car and gave the radio a whack. A whirring noise came over the speaker. He opened the glovebox, and plugged in a small device. The tone shifted from high, to low, to higher, to lower. Then, a click. Another click.
			"Connor? You got it yet?" Trey called out, peeking his head from the open bonnet. He was a lean, muscular guy with dark skin, brown eyes, and a chinstrap beard framing his grin. His dreads were tied up in a high ponytail, the fade at the sides catching the light when he moved. A couple of locks were too short to be tied up, and instead dangled freely at his temples. He was wearing mechanic's overalls, which were almost spotless. His voice was the platonic ideal of a working-class English boy - he had strong Cockney and Estuary influences, but with enough Devon elements to make it his own.
			"Nearly." Connor replied. He fiddled with his device, and then - a loud beep.
			"Try it now." he called out. Trey grinned, and re-attached the jumper leads to the car's battery.
			Connor turned the keys into the ignition, and a smooth start preceded a sigh of relief.
			The newscaster continued to report on the Eurasian Wars in the background, this time free of glitch and garble.
			Connor cleared his throat. "There you go, Ms. Carrister - the radio should be sorted now."
			"If you have any problems miss, please don't hesitate to call us back." Trey added.
			"Thank you so much, darling!" the woman smiled. "And be rest assured, I'll be back - just to see your handsome faces!"
			Trey stifled a cringe and waved her off. He turned to Connor, now showing open disgust.
			"If that was a bloke, and I was a woman, that'd be creepy, yeah? So how come that's acceptable?"
			Connor blinked slowly. "Ooh, this is one of those things where we're mad at the hypocrisy, not the actual act, isn't it?"
			Trey tried to be angry, yet couldn't help but chuckle. "Fuck you!" he laughed. "Still creepy though."
			The boys began to close up. Once finished, they changed out of their overalls. Trey released his hair from its man-bun, allowing his undercut dreadlocks to flop down by his ears.
			Connor turned to him. "You out tonight?"
			"Yeah man!" Trey smiled. "You coming?"
			"Nah, I'm gonna stay in tonight. You know how it is... Noise, people, *stink...*"
			"No worries bro - I'll see you Sunday morning?"
			"Afternoon - I switched shifts with Jake." Connor replied.
			Trey put on a look of horror. "...you mean I have to open with *Jake?*"
			"He's not that bad." Connor said, but couldn't lie convincingly enough. "Okay, fine, he is. But at least I'll see you in the afternoon."
			"Bring coffee... or drugs." Trey groaned.
			Connor chuckled. "You whinge about opening with Jake, but you wonder why I don't wanna come out."
			Trey grinned in response. "Fair point. I'll quit whinging if you come out."
			Connor rolled his eyes, and nodded.

		Intro to Drackhill
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Friday evenings in the Laughing Fox were hectic, and this one was no different. Amy in particular was lucky to have got the one table in the smoking area that wasn't occupied.
			Amy's aesthetic was even more pronounced than it had been in the morning. Now, the glint of her septum ring and ear piercings caught in the neon, contrasting sharply with her black lipstick and eyeliner. Her outfit was almost a statement - a black and white checkered blouse, with a short black skirt, black tights, trainers, and a collection of bracelets adorned her wrists.
			She looked around, and spotted two young girls sat on a bench.
			One was wearing a black leather jacket, a grey turtleneck, and black jeans. Her skin was even paler than Amy's - almost a sheer white. A faded scar curved down her cheek from the corner of her left eye, half-lost in a constellation of freckles. Her jet-black hair flowed down freely, covering both her ears. Despite that, the edges of hearing aids poked out, the metal reflecting in the light. Her thick-rimmed glasses sat neatly over her emerald-green eyes. Her name was Chloe Derrington.
			The other wore a blue-green dress. She had a dyed-red curly bob, which bounced as she spoke. Her light brown skin was dotted with patches of vitiligo, which shimmered faintly under the light, while her eyes were as striking as those of her friend - one blue, one brown. Her name was Beatrice Jefferson - Bea for short.
			A man in his early 30s stood near them, angled in such a way that he was in front of both. They were clearly uncomfortable.
			He leant in closer, his voice dropping. "C'mon, babe. You're too pretty to sit here sulking. I'll buy you a drink."
			His hand lingered near Chloe's shoulder, and she shrank back.
			"Leave us alone, come on." Bea said firmly. Her voice was clearly from the upper classes - the intonations of a private-school girl.
			Amy approached, and turned to the girls. "Oh my god, I haven't seen you guys in ages! How have you been?"
			Amy's voice was rough - a sharp contrast to Bea. She spoke less like a refined lady, and more like someone to whom "I'll kick your fuckin' head in." would be a personal catchphrase.
			Chloe nearly spoke up in confusion, but Bea got the hint. She stood up. "Holy shit! How have you been?!" she cheered, hugging Amy.
			She whispered "Creep." in Amy's ear.
			Immediately, Amy turned to the man.
			"Got a problem?" she asked, arms folded.
			"No problem here babe, just talking innit?" the man replied.
			"Well, go talk to someone else." she half-growled.
			"How about you fuck off, you dyke? I know you, you're that weirdo Barrett's sist--AAHH!"
			Before he could even finish his insult, Amy had swept his legs out with a kick, and an elbow to the chest winded him. He collapsed, wheezing and groaning.
			"Tell your mates 'Weirdo Barrett's Dyke sister' kicked your fucking arse." Amy growled, triumphant.
			A bouncer rushed over "You three, get out!"
			"The fuck?! I hit the dickhead, they're not invol--" she began.
			"I don't care who started it. Out."
			"But--"
			"OUT!"

			Outside the pub, the rain was starting, gently flowing into the gutter next to the three girls.
			"I am so, so, so sorry." Amy opened, only for Bea to hug her.
			"If it weren't for you, god knows what that creeper would have done! Also, that was some ninja shit! Please teach me!" she giggled.
			Chloe smiled warmly. "You saved us. I'm sorry, what's your name? I'm Chloe, and my drunk friend is Bea. We've just moved down for university."
			She spoke with a slight lisp, but her voice carried a certain warmth to it. Her not speaking until now only highlighted her shyness.
			"I'm Amy." she replied. "Amy Zhao."
			Chloe adjusted her glasses slightly. "You're, uh, really good at that. Do you... train or something?"
			"My brother and his uncle train me." Amy smiled fondly, before realising the complex family relations implied. "Uh... long story."
			"You're a local?" asked Bea.
			"Sadly!" Amy quipped.
			"Then I bet you know the only club in town that isn't full of creepers." Bea giggled.
			Amy stroked her chin.
			"Actually..."

		Amy meets the girls
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"The Singing Horse."
			Certainly not the most orthodox of names for a bustling nightclub, but it was one you'd remember.
			Trey, Connor, and a third young man were sat round a table. The music was quieter in this spot, allowing conversation, however dull and drunken, to take place.
			"Okay, fine." Connor rolled his eyes. "I'm glad you convinced me to come out tonight."
			Connor had changed out of his overalls now, and wore clothes that were more 'him' - a white hoodie, a black bomber jacket, black jeans, comfortable workman's boots, and a black baseball cap. In other words, a white hoodie to contrast the black *everything else.*
			"Told ya!" Trey laughed, sipping his beer. He seemed much more comfortable in his clothes - a tie-dyed t-shirt, a green zip-up hoodie, and blue, acid-washed jeans, ending in a pair of similar boots. His hair was in a more relaxed ponytail now, pulled to the back and with a number of locks at the front dangling by his temples.
			"Oi oi, boys - sexy tings, 12 o clock." the third man said, pointing at some women. He had light, pasty skin, a brown buzzcut, and patchy, scruffy facial hair. He was wearing a tracksuit, with a flat-brimmed baseball cap and a waist bag. He looked like he was trying - and failing - to look like a drug dealer.
			"First, Trey doesn't say 'tings' and his family's Jamaican, second, that direction's not 12, that would be 4 o'clock, and third, have you ever been on a night out and not thought with your dick, Jake?" Connor retorted, clearly not fond of him.
			"Shut up bruv!" Jake snapped. "Just because I get pussy and you don't."
			"Fuck off, you're a virgin!" Trey cackled.
			"No I'm not! I get bare girls!" Jake replied, somehow seeming even more chavvy than before.
			The girls walked past the table, and Jake wolf whistled. Both Trey and Connor shot filthy looks at him - that was taking it too far.
			One girl scoffed, and Jake smirked.
			"Lesbian." he muttered.
			Connor stood up, and without a word, Trey threw his drink in Jake's face. As Jake reeled, Connor pushed him off his stool. The boys nodded triumphantly at each other. Jake stood up, red in the face.
			"You're such pricks, you know that?" he snapped before stomping off.
			Trey shook his head, laughing. "Bro, that's the most satisfying thing I've seen all week."
			Connor chuckled, grabbing his jacket. "Yeah, but now I've got beer all over my shirt. Thanks for that."
			Trey laughed, and the pair headed to the dance floor - Mr. Brightside was playing.
			Trey danced, clearly enjoying himself, while Connor awkwardly shuffled, trying to match Trey's energy.
			While dancing, a young woman approached Trey, and began to dance with him. Trey gladly reciprocated, and the pair danced in rather suggestive ways.
			Connor looked over, and couldn't help but feel a flash of envy. Not for dancing with women, but being so... human. So natural.
			He sighed. While stood there, another woman walked over to him. Without saying a word, she began to dance towards him.
			For a moment, Connor stood still. But, he smiled, and began to match her dance. Awkwardly, but in an endearing way.
			She grinned, and the pair continued to dance to the beat of the song.
			However, as the song continued, she made more suggestive moves - which Connor didn't notice.
			Offended slightly, she began dancing towards someone else.
			Connor at last realised what she was going for, and sighed softly.
			The music picked up, and Connor covered his ears, and closed his eyes.
			The bass hit too hard, too deep - like it was pulsing through his skull. He closed his eyes and waited it out.
			The song finally ended, and he relaxed slightly.
			He looked over at Trey, who was now snogging the girl he was dancing with. He chuckled for his friend.
			Trey looked over at Connor, and made a motion with his eyes - one that they both knew as "Meet me in the bathroom."
			Connor headed to the toilet, and was joined in short order by Trey.
			"God, I fuckin' love that song." Trey grinned.
			"You dance to it like you're white." Connor snarked.
			Trey burst into laughter. "Holy shit, I do!"
			"I am so glad Amy didn't see us..."
			"I saw you dancing with a cutie. What happened there?" asked Trey, smirking.
			"My grasp of human mating rituals is poor at best." Connor quipped.
			Trey grinned cheekily. "That's what happens when you don't have your wingman."
			"Trey." Connor began, tilting his head. "Do you remember what happened last time you wingmanned for me?"
			"I do."
			"What did I ask you to do?"
			"To let you know if she was dropping a hint." Trey replied, grinning even harder.
			"How did you do that, Trey?" Connor asked, raising an eyebrow and smirking.
			Trey answered by making a loud ca-caw sound. Both boys started laughing heavily.
			The pair exited the toilets, and headed to where Trey had left the girl - only to see her now kissing another man.
			"Well, that hurts." Trey chuckled.
			"Started out with a kiss, how did it end up like this..." Connor hummed.
			Trey playfully punched him, laughed, and the pair headed to the bar.
			"What'll it be?" the bartender asked.
			"Double whiskey with ice, please." Connor requested.
			"Rum and coke." Trey added.
			"As in, cola?" the bartender chuckled.
			Trey giggled at the joke. "Yeah, tonight." he quipped.
			The bartender laughed, and served their drinks.
			"Whack it on my tab, please." Connor asked. The barman nodded.
			The pair downed their drinks.
			"I'm gonna go to the backrooms. Tommy asked me to look at the printers." Connor said matter-of-factly.
			"It's always work with you bro... no worries." Trey smiled. "I'll see you tomorrow afternoon - I'd better clock off early if I've got Jake opening tomorrow."
			"That's if he even shows up after this..." Connor shrugged, trying to hide a smirk.
			"If I see him in a million years, it'll be too soon. Little scrote... why did he even come out tonight?"
			"Because he has no friends worth a damn--oh, you were being rhetorical." Connor grinned.
			"You'll get there one day, my son." Trey winked, and headed off. Connor went down a flight of stairs to a backroom, where he began working on a 3D printer.

		Jake's humiliation
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Just outside the city, a small car pulled up in the dilapidated rural zone of Blackmarsh. The Commandant exited the vehicle, and marched towards an old industrial barn unit - presumably a former dairy farm, now repurposed.
			Inside, several men with similar uniforms and black-veined eyes were variously loading or unloading trucks with medical equipment, weapons, restraints, and obscure devices and artefacts.
			He approached their prisoner.
			"Doctor Zhao."
			"Commandant." Zhao nodded back. "Perhaps you can explain what's going on here?"
			The Commandant spat on the ground, his brows creasing. "You'll have another subject, soon."
			Zhao turned pale. "You mean... one of the children?"
			"All grown up, now." he grinned vicously. "My men are setting up a secure containment facility here."
			Zhao gulped.
			"Speaking of subjects... is number 6 still here?"
			"He's in the cage. Knock yourself out." Zhao shrugged.
			The Commandant smirked, and headed further into the facility. There, he found a plexiglass cage, containing a massive black wolf.
			"6." he beckoned over. "Remember me?"
			The wolf looked up, and his eyes turned red. Literally. They burst into a blood-red glow, and he struggled against his restraints, as his shock collar audibly crackled.
			"I'M GOING TO KILL YOU! I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!" it screamed. To its eternal dismay, the humans didn't react. All they heard was barking and howling.
			The Commandant laughed, and returned to Zhao.
			"Readings?"
			Zhao looked at a computer screen. "As expected. The subject's brain activity matches that of a human being. Language centres are lighting up, and I'm seeing brainwave patterns consistent with human emotion."
			"What emotion? Fear? Horror?"
			"Rage. Vengefulness. Homicidal fury." Zhao cut back, his upper lip curling in disgust.
			The Commandant chuckled, and looked down into the wolf's eyes again.
			"So... you do have a killer in you, after all. It's a shame, really."
			He turned back to Zhao.
			"Your thoughts?"
			"He's very--"
			A backhand smacked into his face.
			"*It.*" the Commandant snarled.
			"...*it's* very advanced. Which tracks with his---It's intelligence."
			He scoffed. "Oh, you're just like the last egghead. What, you think it's sentient?"
			Zhao looked away. The Commandant chuckled.
			"Prepare the site." he began. "I'll be bringing in the subject myself. Contact the other labs - I want to see 217 before I head back to Washington."
			"Leave her alone." the wolf growled. Again, the humans couldn't hear him.
			"As you wish, sir." Zhao grumbled. He looked over at the wolf, and his expression faltered slightly.
			The Commandant turned back to the cage, and chuckled. "Missed me, did you?"
			He walked away.	As he left, the wolf whispered to itself.
			"I'm going to kill you."

		Enter, Sparky
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Chloe, Amy, and Bea arrived outside the Singing Horse.
			At the entrance stood a large, bald, tattooed man, in a bouncer's uniform.
			"Ladies." he nodded, before lighting up upon recognising Amy.
			"Hey, Pawel!" Amy beamed. "Connor in tonight?"
			"Working, sadly." Pawel chuckled. "He'll be glad to see you."
			Chloe and Bea reached into their bags to take out cash for the entrance fee, but Pawel shook his hand and grinned.
			"Go on through. Have a good night, ladies." he smiled.
			They walked into the club. It was dark now, with deep red rave lights and blaring EDM music. Amy went to the bar and got the first round.
			"This is awesome!" exclaimed Bea.
			"Seems more laid back for sure." Chloe added.
			"My brother's boss owns this place. It's not your standard bar, but one thing for sure is that no one will start anything here." Amy sipped her drink. "Are you guys okay here for a sec? Just gotta go see him quickly."
			"Yeah of course!" Bea smiled. Chloe nodded politely.

			Amy headed behind the bar, and down the stairs, to find Connor in a back room tinkering on some circuit board. "Hey, dick. What're you doing?"
			"Hi, arsewipe." Connor replied, not even looking up from his board. "Trying and failing to fix this."
			"What for?" she tilted her head.
			"Tommy wants it. We've gotta plant it in the Hog - you know that bar the Patriots own? We can use it to install rootkits on their phones to--"
			"Blah blah, techie crimes." Amy smirked. "I used your name at the door, is that cool?"
			"Amy, do you think I would tell you it was cool if it wasn't?" he tilted his head.
			"Yes, because you're the biggest pushover I know."
			"...touche."
			"I've met some girls tonight by the way." she continued.
			"Oh?" he cocked an eyebrow.
			"Nah, my gaydar ain't tingling." she laughed. "Want me to see if I can set you up?"
			"For the last time, Amy - I don't need a new girlfriend. I'm fine as I am." Connor sighed, slightly exasperated.
			"You sure? There's one there, totally your type." Amy grinned.
			"What, is she a prick as well?" Connor smirked.
			Amy chuckled. "Have a shit night, dickhead."
			"Get home unsafe, twat." Connor retorted.
			Both smirked, apparantly concluding a standard interaction between them..

			She returned to Chloe and Bea. "Sorry about that!"
			The girls smiled, and began talking.
			"So... what are you doing for uni?" Amy asked them.
			"I'm studying Law and Sociology." Bea answered.
			"And I study Biotech." Chloe added.
			Amy nodded. "What do you guys wanna do when you graduate?"
			"I'm hoping to be a defence lawyer." Bea smiled. "There's just not enough solicitors available to normal people."
			Amy smiled back. "That's cool! I'll keep you in mind should I get nicked."
			They all laughed. Chloe piped up.
			"I'm hoping to go into medical research." she explained. "That's why I chose here - their biotech course is frankly world-class."
			Amy raised an eyebrow, surprised. "You're telling me that Drackhill is known for something other than crackheads?"
			Another bout of laughter.
			"So, what do you do then? Are you at the uni, or do you work?" asked Bea.
			"Work, sadly." Amy chuckled. "I work in a local cafe - and part-time in a tattoo parlour."
			She pulled up her sleeve, revealing the collage of inkworks.
			"Those are so cool!" Bea smiled, looking at them.
			"Hah, thanks." she grinned. "I will say, customers are a lot more polite in a tattoo parlour than they are in the caffe. I think the whole 'having a needle in hand' probably helps."
			The girls chuckled. Amy sipped her drink.
			"Theoretically, this is supposed to be my gap year." she began. "I did zoology in college, and was hoping to do veterinary science at uni. Ideally, I can save up enough money to attend... but I might just carry on working."
			"I've heard good things about the veterinary science programme." Chloe nodded, smiling. "One of my professors teaches some of their classes, too."
			"What would you like to do, if you took that course?" asked Bea.
			Amy leaned back, stroking her chin. "I'm not sure. I'd like to work with exotic wildlife - maybe go travelling. But honestly, as long as I'm helping out animals, I'm happy."
			"That's sweet." Bea smiled. "Do you have pets?"
			"Had a dog for a while." Amy nodded, smiling nostalgically. "She passed last year, bless her."
			At that, she quickly sat forward, as if pre-empting any sympathy. "You guys knew each other before uni, or?"
			"Oh, yeah." Bea nodded. "We first met in school back home."
			"Where you guys from?"
			"Marlingham." Chloe answered.
			"...where the hell is 'Marlingham?'" Amy grinned, cocking an eyebrow.
			"Near Tisford." Bea chuckled.
			Amy simply cocked her eyebrow further up.
			"It's not far from Swindon." Chloe smirked. "About half an hour."
			"Oh, right." Amy chuckled. "Nice place?"
			"Ugh, not at all." Bea grinned. "It's just so pompous there. And it's tiny, too - there's nothing at all to do."
			"That's why we chose Drackhill." Chloe added. "We were going to apply to one of the Oxbridges, but we just hated the toffishness."
			"Well, if there's one thing this city's got going for it, it's the lack of pomp." Amy laughed.
			The girls chuckled, and Bea piped up.
			"So, have you always lived here?"
			"Born and bred." Amy shrugged. "I was raised in a foster-home."
			A dark memory threatened to push to the surface, but she beat it back down into her subconscious.
			"Anyway, you guys want shots?" she grinned. With that, the girls drank into the night.

			Later, Connor left the club, apparently done with whatever he was doing there.
			He noticed a group of skinheads loitering near the alley as he left, their stares drilling into him. He tensed, but kept walking.
			Before he could get far, he was cornered by them.
			"Oi. Barrett." snarled their leader. "Your dyke sister's been starting on our boys."
			"Listen, fellas, it's been a long night, can we--" Connor began, before one of them swung a bat at him. He caught it instinctively, and karate chopped the assailant in the neck, before a jab to the solar plexus sent him crawling down.
			Initially, he was confident - but then, he felt the boot of another crash into the side of his leg. His knee bent and popped, as his leg gave way. He landed on the kneecap, kneeling and throwing his guard up.
			Before he could regain balance or breath, another kick slammed into his stomach, sending him to the ground. He hit the back of his head on the pavement, rocking his brain against his skull and making him dizzy. Then, another stomped on his chest, knocking the air out of him. He gulped, the way people do when their lungs are desperately trying to work.
			Punch after punch rained down. Beaten but not broken, he sent a desperate kick upwards, hitting one in the groin. Said attacker keeled over in pain, but Connor didn't feel any victory - he just felt the next punch slam into his jaw, and hot blood pour from his nose.
			Finally, it stopped. They laughed and jeered, one spitting on him, before leaving him. He forced himself to catch his breath, and crawled to his feet. He looked down at his scraped, bloodied clothes, and sighed.
			He wished, deep down, he was more upset. But this was Drackhill, and he was used to it by now.
			If nothing else, he could take pride in how well he fought such a group. He wished he'd been able to do more, but after all... he was only human.

			He stumbled back to his flat, and opened the door. He made his way to the kitchen space, and grabbed some butter, before soaking a tea towel in warm water. He rubbed the butter on a lumpy bruise, and pressed the warm towel against it. Before long, the swelling went down.
			At that, Amy came in.
			"Oh, you're back--Who the fuck?!"
			"I'm fine." Connor groaned.
			"You are not fine! What the hell happened?"
			"Nothing."
			"No! This was because of me, wasn't it?"
			"This was a bunch of pricks. They would have done that regardless. I'm just glad you got one beforehand. Besides, I think I knocked out one of them anyway." Connor smirked, wincing slightly.
			"I'm so sorry." Amy began, a single tear coming down her cheek.
			"Don't be. I've taken worse - as you know."
			She sighed. "Fuckin' skinheads. Right outside the Horse, too?"
			"I know." Connor nodded. "Tommy's doing what he can. I've got a job tomorrow - that'll help."
			"No way. You need rest." Amy replied authoritatively.
			"I'm fine." Connor insisted.
			"Connor." she repeated firmly.
			"...fine. I'll be as quick as I can."
			"Pushover." she smirked.
			"Prick." he chuckled. "You're not so bad at this whole sister thing, you know."
			"Eat shit." Amy laughed.

		Singing Horse/Connor's beating
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Across the town, Raj's Cafe was the go-to for all hungover people in Redbridge.
			Amy was working the tables, bringing food and drinks to customers. Despite drinking more than the whole room had the night before, she seemed to be the only person who hadn't spent the morning puking.
			She approached a table with a group of men, each with shaved heads and wearing leathers - the same kind of leathers as the men who beat up Connor. At the head of the table was an older man, with a greying beard and teardrop tattoos on his face - their leader. A man the locals all knew as "Slater."
			She tried and failed to stifle a scowl.
			"Chicken and bacon toastie, and two expresso's--"
			"It's *espresso.* Is that too hard for you lot to pronounce?" he growled, his words full of venom.
			"I swear." another man snarled. "These fucking chinks, they come over here, they take cafe jobs that could go to proper hard working Englishmen, and then they can't even be bothered to pronounce things right!"
			A few customers shifted uncomfortably, but no one intervened.
			Amy's brow furrowed. Her knuckles turned white around the tray, as she felt her adrenaline start to flow.
			"I know you." Slater grinned maliciously. "You're that Barrett dyke, ain't ya? Oh, your brother took a good hiding last night, eh?"
			"Fuck you." Amy snarled. "Get out."
			"You what?" Slater rose.
			"No one talks to the boss like that, you yellow-skinned whore." another snapped.
			Amy clenched her fists, ready to swing.
			"Oi!" shouted Trey, who had just entered and rushed over. "You lot wanna watch your mouths."
			"The fuck did you just say to me?!" the younger one snapped.
			"You lot've gone fuckin' mad, it seems." Trey chuckled mirthlessly. "Starting shit with one of our lot, in our territory? What, you--you *want* Tommy to kneecap you? Is that it?"
			Slater placed out his hand, as if he were ordering a rabid dog to heel.
			"Let's go." he said. "No point having coffee in a Paki's place anyway."
			He leant in, his voice low but dangerous. "You're lucky I don't want the heat right now. But we'll see you around."
			Wordlessly, Amy put the tray down and rushed to Trey. He put his arm around her and walked her outside.
			"What the fuck is wrong with this city?!" she hissed, her face so clenched in anger that she looked like she could headbutt concrete and win.
			"It's been getting worse." Trey sighed. "Fucking Slater. Broad daylight, full cafe, and they act like that."
			"It's gotta change." she said, rubbing her temples. She took a deep breath, and went back inside. Trey headed to the counter.
			"Thanks, mate." Raj nodded. "I'd kick them out, but..."
			"They'd smash the place up." Trey sighed. "Listen, I'm glad to be out of that life - well, more or less - but Tommy, he can help."
			Raj rubbed his temples. "I'll make the call. Honestly, at this point it's not even a protection racket; it's just protection."
			Trey nodded sadly, and left.

			It was late now. Despite his sister's orders, Connor was out for a jog. While running, he felt the hairs on his neck tingle. He banished the thought, and carried on.
			Finally, he came to a stop. He panted, gasped for air, and pulled out a bottle of water.
			He drank, and took some deep breaths.
			Before he could truly relax, a van pulled up next to him.
			Anticipating another beating, he sighed.
			A man in a black hoodie and wearing a balaclava jumped out.
			"Look, fellas, you've had your fill, is this--" Connor began, but before he could finish his sentence...
			FF-WHACK!
			The man had pulled out a silenced pistol, and fired. His mask slipped, revealing his ink-black veined eyesockets.
			The bullet hit its mark - Connor's forehead.
			Connor's limp, seemingly lifeless body crumpled to the floor. Other men jumped out of the van and grabbed him.
			"Quickly." the Commandant growled, following them into the van. Once in, he banged the door twice, and the van sped off.
			"Cuff him." he ordered. Another man pulled out a pair of handcuffs, and restrained Connor's corpse with them.
			As they drove off, Connor's fingers twitched slightly.
			Finally, they arrived at their destination. The shooter grabbed Connor's body, and brought it forward.
			There, Dr. Zhao stood waiting. He looked away, pale as a ghost.
			The Commandant grinned.
			"It's all coming together..."

			In the backrooms of the Singing Horse, a man in his 30s with dark brown hair and a clean-shaven face was sat at a desk doing paperwork.
			His phone rang.
			"Tommy speaking." he answered.
			A voice shouted from the phone.
			"No, I've told you twice now. These are my fucking streets." he snarled.
			More noise came from the phone.
			"Say that again?" Tommy asked menacingly.
			The voice repeated itself.
			"You're fucking dead." he growled, and hung up.
			He leant back, and sighed.
			A knock at the door. The Polish bouncer came in.
			"Boss?" he asked.
			"Come in, Pawel." Tommy sighed, pouring himself a drink.
			"Connor's missing."
			"Fuck... If those pricks got to him..."
			Pawel shuddered. "I'll call Ian. We'll keep looking."
			"Good man." Tommy nodded. "Also..."
			Pawel listened closely.
			"Have someone 'take care' of Pete Lomax. Send these bastards a message."
			"We'll get it done, boss."

		Tommy stinger

	Beginnings
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was springtime, 2006. Connor was riding his bike. His uncle Vince pushed him along, as a young Amy and a small Staffy pup stood to the sidelines.
			"Okay, my lad!" Vince cheered. "3, 2, 1, GO!"
			With that, Vince let go. Connor beamed in happiness.
			"I'm doing it! I'm doing it!" he cheered. His accent was different - much more Irish. It hadn't been long since he'd moved to England - only 4 years.
			"Go on, Connor!" Amy shouted happily. The pup likewise barked in excitement.
			"You're doing great, lad! Keep going!" Vince cheered. He spoke with a native Derry accent - but somewhat muted, as though he was used to toning it down so English people could understand him.
			Connor continued on for a moment, before he wobbled and fell.
			"Shite!" Vince cursed as he ran over. "You okay, my lad?"
			Amy and the puppy also rushed over. "Are you okay, Connor?" she asked.
			Connor rose, his face scuffed, and his nose bloody. Despite the pain, he didn't cry. He just looked on, saddened and frustrated.
			The Staffy ran over and licked his face clean. Connor smiled softly, before frowning again.
			"Buddy..." Vince said, kneeling in front of him.
			"I can't do it." he lamented. Amy gave him a hug.
			Vince smiled softly, and brushed Connor's hair out of his face.
			"Listen, lad... you've got this. You're made of strong stuff, you know? You've survived worse than this."
			Connor looked up, and smiled.
			As he smiled, his consciousness returned.
			He was bloody and bruised still. But not from a bike.
			Blood and cerebrospinal fluid leaked from the gunshot wound in his skull.

			"Where the fuck is he?!" Trey demanded.
			"For the last fucking time, I have no idea." Tommy snapped back. He leaned back in his office chair, rubbing his temples.
			"Then find him!" Amy roared. "Because I swear to god, if he's hurt, I'll..."
			"You'll what?!" Tommy barked. "You think I don't wanna find him? You think I don't give a shit?! Connor isn't just an employee. I swore an oath to your uncle. I *want* to find him. And if I knew where he was, I'd tell you."
			Amy looked into his eyes, a fire burning in hers. She relented, and slammed the door as she left.
			Trey sighed, and looked over at Tommy, forlorn.
			"You really don't know where he is, do you?" he asked.
			Tommy's own eyes were wet, though he rubbed them before Trey could see.
			He couldn't speak. Only shake his head.

			Connor's vision was blurry. A man was walking upside down--no, Connor was hanging upside down.
			He closed his eyes, and listened. He was breathing. He was alive.
			The Commandant approached, and smirked.
			"Welcome home."
			He turned to an old man in an orange jumpsuit, with several small cuts on the side of his head.
			"Doctor Zhao. Is everything ready?" he asked.
			"Yes sir, Commandant, sir..." Zhao replied timidly.
			The Commandant's smirk was cold, as if he'd done this a thousand times.
			"Begin."
			The doctor pulled a lever, and electric shocks coursed through Connor's body. He screamed, cried, thrashed about.
			His body spasmed with pain.
			Before he could even register what was happening, the world slipped away again, leaving only darkness.
			He had a few brief flashes of consciousness - none pleasant. Surgeries. Drills. Saws on his flesh. Injections. Pain. And Dr. Zhao.
			The pain felt like fire coursing through his veins.
			Connor had been no stranger to pain. He'd suffered more than most in his 18 years on this world. But this... this was new.
			Ice cold. Lightning hot. Every neuron in his body was alight with the purest agony. He screamed as loud as he could, and felt his throat rip and tear from the strain of his howl.

			He woke up - an unknowable amount of time had passed. Now, he was nailed - literally nailed - to a wall. The Commandant looked at him, shaking his head.
			Connor sobbed. "Pl--please... please..." he begged, blood and bile spitting out of his mouth.
			"Pathetic." the Commandant folded his arms. "You need to accept this new reality, my boy... you're mine."
			The Commandant approached Connor's broken, bleeding body. He launched a punch to the face, and Connor blacked out again. Only flashes jolted throughout his consciousness for a length of time.

		Torture - Part 1
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"AAAAGH!" Connor screamed, convulsing as electricity burned through his veins. The surge finally ended, and he collapsed down. His torturer spat, and left.
			Connor curled into a ball, sobbing in pain. His vision faded, and he lapsed into something vaguely resembling sleep.
			Some time had passed. Could've been seconds, could've been a lifetime. He awoke to the door swinging open.
			"Pl...please..." Connor spat. "No... no more..."
			"It's okay." the voice said gently, lifting him to his feet. "I'm here to get you out."
			Connor's vision was blurry. His saviour's features were completely indistinguishable. But he nodded anyway, and shambled alongside him.
			The pair made it to a hallway, where Connor threw up blood and bile. The man patted his back, and sat him down.
			"It's alright. You're gonna be okay." he said softly.
			"Who... who are you?"
			"I'm with Interpol." the man replied. "What's your name? Can you remember?"
			"C--Connor. Connor Barrett."
			"Nice to meet you, Connor." he said. Connor couldn't see, but he imagined the man smiling. He pasted his uncle Vince's face over the white blur.
			"It's okay," he thought to himself. "Vince has come to rescue me."
			The mystery man pressed a small bottle to Connor's lips. Water.
			He greedily drank it, and savoured the moment. He washed away the blood and bile in his throat.
			"Come on, let's go." the man said again. Connor chose to pretend it was Vince's voice.
			The pair made their way out of the facility.
			"Where are all the guards?" Connor asked.
			"No idea. Think they all left." the man shrugged.
			He turned, opening the facility's main door.
			Connor stepped outside into the night, and took a deep breath of the cold air. Then, he felt the hairs on his neck tingle.
			FF-WHACK!
			FF-WHACK!
			His legs gave way, as bullets slammed into the backs of his knees.
			He howled in pain, falling into the mud.
			The man approached, grinning devilishly. He pulled at his hair, revealing a latex mask that had hidden his true face.
			The Commandant.
			"Now do you see?" he asked, using his real voice. "You're never gonna escape. So stop resisting, and just give in."
			Connor looked up, tears of pain streaming down his face. Before he could think, his eyes spotted something in the distance.
			The Wyrmrock peak. The core mountain of the Drackhill valley. Judging by the distance and the smell of peat, he was in Blackmarsh. He spat.
			"Fuck you..." he snarled.
			The Commandant drew a claw hammer, and started smacking Connor's head with it. His consciousness faded once again.

			Tommy pressed his bruised knuckles into a bowl of ice.
			"He's still not talking." Pawel sighed. "Want me to get the battery?"
			"No, I've got this." Tommy growled, walking back into the room.
			There, a beaten, bloodied man sat tied to a chair. One of the men who had jumped Connor outside the Horse.
			"You... you've gotta believe me, man." he begged, spitting blood and teeth.
			"Where's Connor?" Tommy asked grimly.
			"I already told you... I don't know..."
			Tommy picked up a power drill.
			"I learned this from our founder, Vince." he began. "He learned it from some paras back home. They'd normally mete it out on traitors, but... I think it'll work just fine on you."
			"Please! Please!"
			The drill whirred. "TELL ME WHERE HE IS!"
			"I DON'T KNOW!"
			The man's screams filled the room, as his kneecaps became pourous.

		Torture - Part 2
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Once again, Connor felt his consciousness flash back in. He was chained to the wall in a stress position.
			He looked down at his emaciated body, and closed his eyes.
			A torturer approached, along with the Commandant.
			"He just won't give in." the torturer snarled.
			"Hah... you've gotta give him some credit, I suppose. Kid's got heart." the Commandant grinned. "I have to go back... Oxford will've heard about this by now. Give him your worst. I want him broken and reformed when I get back."
			"Yes, sir."

			He stepped forward, approaching Connor's body.
			Beaten. Broken. Bleeding.
			"Still fighting, are we?" he audibly grinned. "You know... This can all end right now. Say the word, and I'll put you out of your misery."
			Only one word came out of his mouth.
			"Why?"
			Why, indeed.
			Why did they take him?
			Why were they doing this?
			And more importantly...
			"Why am I still alive?" he whispered, through shaky breaths.
			Not just alive, either. He was shot, but... everything was still fine. His knees were fine. His *head* was fine.
			Why?
			"Say the word."
			Connor let out a ragged breath.
			"I can't hear you..." the man taunted, leaning in. "Say it."
			The unmistakeable sound of a helicopter taking off flashed in Connor's ears. He let out another breath.
			"I'm listening..." the man grinned.
			At that, Connor's head turned. He clamped his mouth around the man's throat, and bit down.
			The man screamed, then gurgled, as he fell back, sans throat. He spasmed for a moment, before going still.
			Connor swallowed the red chunk. He felt his stomach twist, but he forced it to obey.
			He felt a pounding in his head, and a warmth in his belly.
			He let it spread, radiating out into his muscles. He felt his body ripple, like a demon had reshapen it.
			And then, he yanked his left hand, ripping it out of its manacles. He turned, and peeled the second cuff off of his right.
			He fell to his knees next to the still, warm corpse.
			He looked down at his hands, and saw blood spattered over them.
			He closed his eyes, and reopened them--no he didn't.
			Something else opened them. And they were a glowing blood-red.
			Someone else was driving. Connor was in the back seats, watching in helpless horror.
			Beating. Breaking. Killing.

			"COMMAND! THIS IS BRAVO FOUR!" a uniformed man screamed into his radio. "SUBJECT ONE HAS BREACHED CONTAINMENT!"
			Across the hall, Connor - no, not Connor - was savagely devouring a freshly-slaughtered soldier.
			The base commander looked down at his radio from his desk, and shuddered. He pressed a button, and hightailed out of there.
			"WARNING!" the speakers roared. "CONTAINMENT BREACH! SELF DESTRUCT SEQUENCE INITIALISED!"
			"BASTARD!" Bravo Four screamed. "YOU BASTARD, SIR!"
			Not-Connor pounced on Four, his teeth sinking into the man's neck. A spray of blood coated the walls, and another chomp filled his belly.
			Already, he seemed healthier. His muscles more prominent, his skin more coloured.
			As Bravo Four collapsed to the ground, he wondered if this whole thing had been worth it. If making a monster like this was ever a good idea.
			"And even if it were," he thought, "We should've at least fed him."
			Then, the blood finished draining from his brain, and he entered oblivion.
			Before "Connor" could finish eating his kill, a horrific crashing noise filled his ears. He was rocked side-to-side by sequential explosions, as flames erupted and the building started to shudder and break.
			And then, he felt the impact of a volley of bullets crash into his abdomen.
			The assailant finished firing, and grinned. Connor's eyes flashed bright, as he stumbled down to his knees.
			"Goodbye, Connor." he sighed, before drawing his pistol.
			Connor, undeterred, gripped the barrel and squeezed. The barrel bent around his fingers. His gunman pulled the trigger, and the gun exploded in their hands.
			"FUCK!" he barked, clutching it as it bled. The crumbling pillars holding the barn finally gave way, and the whole burning building came crashing down.

			Emergency sirens blared from the roof of the fire engine. As it pulled up outside the blazing inferno formerly known as a dairy barn, its crew donned protective gear.
			"Alright, team - given the intensity of the fire, we can safely assume some high-grade accelerant was in place here. Thankfully, its isolation and the recent bloody rainstorm means we can keep it under control."
			One man raised his hand - the leader gestured affirmatively.
			"Cops been called yet?"
			"They said they'll get here soon enough. I assume this is either arson or a drug den, so they'll wanna do a look-over. Caller was a dog-walker who heard the explosion - according to the plods, this lot is owned by some random holding company, so we're suspecting criminal involvement. Tread carefully, and get this fire out."
			The firemen started hosing down the wreckage. After clearing the perimeter, they moved inwards.
			One, a young recruit, approached a heap of ash, dirt, and debris, hosing it down. Then, he nearly jumped out of his skin, as a horrifically burned hand pushed out of the detritus.
			"Shit!" he gasped. "Sir! Got a body here!"
			The hand pushed out further, revealing the full arm, before pulling the rest of the body out.
			A sight none could forget.
			A horribly burned man. Emaciated, almost skeletal. Hairless, skin charred and bloody, wearing nothing more than blackened tattered rags.
			"He's alive! Holy fuck!" the recruit shrieked.
			The leader rushed over.
			"Hey! It's okay! We're here to help!" he said, his face pale as a ghost.
			The burned man stepped forward, and gripped the leader, raising him up by the neck. He choked and spat, while his men screamed and cowered.
			His eyes flashed red once more, before fading. Connor dropped the fireman, and instinctively sprinted away.
			"What the fuck was that?!" the recruit asked, horrified.
			The leader choked, catching his breath.

		Reanimation
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Another eon - or a minute - passed. Flashes once again rushed through Connor's mind.
			Finally, he awoke in a dark alleyway, in the pouring rain. He had just finished eating a live rat with his bare hands.
			He puked up blood, fur, meat, and bile.
			Connor rose to his feet. He stumbled around, trying to find his bearings.
			He didn't know who he was.
			Yes he did.
			No, he didn't.
			...too much. Too much.
			He looked into a puddle.
			He was gaunt, bruised, and bald. The horrific burns had... disappeared. He looked less skeletal, too - God only knows how many *things* he'd eaten.
			But at least one victory - that was definitely *his* face.
			"I'm still me." he sighed in relief.
			The hairs on his neck itched. He looked around, and spotted in the distance - a long way away, and in the pouring rain, but yet, he could see it as if it were up close - it was a man in Patriot leathers. One of Slater's goons.
			Belson. He was in the Belson district. Skinhead territory. It wasn't far from home - an hour's walk, give-or-take. He could tell his location like he was a homing pigeon.
			He tried to sneak away, but - no. The man confidently sauntered towards him.
			"Oi, oi! The fuck are you doin' in our patch, boy?!" he spat.
			Connor prepared a stance, despite his aches and weakness. The man swung for Connor, and he ducked, then prepared an uppercut to the chin.
			He felt a surge of energy coursing through his limbs, a heat building in his chest, and his fist connected with the man's jaw.
			As he hit, he closed his eyes. He heard a massive, deep, booming sound, as though an explosive force ripped through the air.

			Holy shit.
			What the fuck.
			What the FUCK?!

			Blood.
			Blood everywhere.
			What?
			What?!
			WHAT?!

			The now-headless man stumbled backwards. His hands reached towards his neck-stump, and he fell down to the ground.
			Moments later, a sickening 'THWACK' sound pierced the air, as the man's head landed on the ground.
			For a moment, Connor stood frozen, unable to process what he'd just done. Then, the act hit him like a wave of nausea.
			His stomach turned, and bile rose up his throat as he stared at the lifeless body. His hands trembled, slick with blood, and he felt a cold dread seep into his bones.
			He ran as fast as he could. He finally came to a stop outside an alleyway. He vomited a bright yellow bile, and crawled into the alleyway.

			"Fuck..." he groaned, feeling pressure mounting under his skin - like something was going to burst out of it.
			His vision blurred and twisted. He looked back into the water, and saw the world go greyscale. And his eyes - they were almost glowing.
			Not almost. Bright enough to cast streaks across the water, like a lens flare. And the veins around his eyes - normally imperceptible - turned ink-black.
			"Gah..." he spat, blood and bile launching from his mouth. He clutched his head, and groaned in agony.
			The pressure was unbearable. It was like something inside him was trying to break free. His pulse quickened as the sensation intensified. He couldn't breathe, couldn't think - he only felt the agony of his own body betraying him.
			"Fuck... FUUUCK!" he screamed.
			For a moment, every nerve in his body seared in agony. But then... a black, tarry substance forced itself out from his skin, encasing him in it. And then it hardened, forming an exoskeletal bodysuit that covered him from head to toe. It hadened, then calfified, becoming a chitinous exoskeleton. Claws cut out from his hands, as he fell down to his knees.
			He looked back into the water, and under the exoskeleton, went even paler than before. His eyes blazed crimson.
			He felt a pounding in his chest - in his torso.
			Not *a* pounding. *Two* poundings.
			He felt his chest, and quickly confirmed - two heartbeats. Twin hearts.
			And as quickly as it had formed, the substance liquefied once more, and forced itself back down through his pores, leaving him wearing nothing but rags once more. Finally, mercifully, he collapsed.

		Connor breaks the neck
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That morning, back in Belson, a man in a creased trenchcoat stood at the scene, rubbing tired eyes beneath short, receding brown hair. He had a detective's badge, a beer belly under his shirt, and stubble from too many late nights. He looked up, and let a spatter of rain fall onto his face. He closed his eyes, sighed, and looked back at the scene. He approached a man in forensic overalls.
			"DI Henry Naismith." he introduced himself. He wasn't a local - he spoke with a tame, but definitive Leeds accent. "What's the story?"
			"We're still not sure, sir." the FI replied, shrugging. "Catastrophic trauma at the base of the skull  -  the head's been completely separated. At first glance, it looks like a contact shotgun blast under the jaw, the kind where gases blow the skull apart, but..."
			"But?"
			"There's nothing. No pellets, no casing, no gunpowder residue, not even soot. The pattern of fractures and tissue disruption doesn't quite match a firearm, either. Honestly... it's more consistent with massive blunt-force trauma. Almost as if..." he hesitated, glancing back at the corpse. "As if someone punched him."
			"Punched? No, that's not possible." Naismith shook his head incredulously.
			A young south-asian woman in a PC uniform approached the pair.
			"Sorry to bother you, sirs." she said. "PC Nina Chowdhury."
			"Not at all." Naismith smiled. "DI Naismith."
			She shook his hand. "Um, I've just had the super on the radio, asking if we're any closer to identifying the vic?"
			"From the state of the head, we've done a bloody good job identifying him as human." the FI snarked. "If your super's giving you grief, tell him to take it up with the FC."
			She nervously nodded.
			"New to the force, are you?" Naismith asked.
			"Yes, sir. Just finished a placement in Mispers, now I'm on MIT."
			"And as per usual, no one on MIT was informed?" he raised an eyebrow.
			"Certainly seems that way, sir." she smiled.
			"Well, this case'll be good experience." Naismith grinned.
			"You're welcome to take a look, sir." the FI shrugged. "I can't believe it either, but... all the evidence says it wasn't a gunshot."
			Naismith paused, then put on some gloves, and entered the forensic tent. Nina followed suit.

			Naismith crouched beside the corpse, squinting under the harsh white tent lights.
			"As you can see, sir - no soot, no thermal damage. Not a firearm." the FI began.
			"Any connection to the skinhead gangs here?" Naismith tilted his head.
			"None that we can see. We haven't stripped him down yet - once we do, we'll check for tattoos - typically crowns, leonine imagery, or just outright swastikas."
			"No need." Naismith cut in. "Look here."
			He rolled up the body's sleeves, revealing a poorly made Sonnenrad tattoo, as well as "1 4 8 8" on the knuckles.
			"So?" the FI asked, confused.
			"Those are Nazi tattoos." Naismith replied nonchalantly.
			"They are? I mean, that weird circle thing, sure, but..."
			"1488 is a Nazi number."
			"Nazi number?" the FI pulled his head back. "How?"
			"14 for the Fourteen Words - a racist slogan. And the 8th letter of the alphabet is H. 88 - HH. Heil Hitler."
			Nina nodded quietly. "The other symbol - that was an SS sigil, wasn't it?"
			Naismith smiled. "Very good."
			"We found a knuckleduster on his person too, of the kind often seen among the Patriots. We're checking for prints, see if we can ID this guy."
			Nina, standing a little awkwardly, shifted forward. She leaned to look at the ruined jawline. "Sir... may I?"
			Naismith gestured for her to continue.
			She pointed delicately with a gloved hand. "These fractures - see how they radiate from under the chin? There are four clear breaks, evenly spaced. Almost the same distance as knuckles."
			For a moment the tent was silent, rain pattering on the canvas above.
			"Sorry..." she said shyly. "Looking at the numbering on his knuckles... made me notice the similarity."
			"Well spotted." Naismith nodded.
			The FI snorted. "Come off it. Nobody can take a man's head off with a punch."
			Naismith didn't answer right away. He rubbed at the stubble on his chin, eyes narrowing, running the thought through. "No." he said at last. "But we've yet to find another explanation that fits."
			"Okay... so the suspect is, what, The Hulk?" the FI joked.
			"Obviously not." Naismith shook his head. "No, there... there's gotta be an explanation."
			"I can go through previous case files, if you like, sir?" Nina asked. "See if there's any parallels?"
			"Good idea." Naismith nodded, before turning to the FI. "Once you find an ID, send it through. I'll see if the Syndicate has anything to say about this."
			"You think this was gang related?" the FI asked.
			"It's our only lead." he shrugged.
			With that, the trio left. Naismith entered his car, and sighed.
			"A fist." he whispered to himself. "Christ almighty."

			Over in Redbridge, Connor woke up. The rain had washed away much of the bloody vomit.
			He struggled to his feet, and forced himself to rise.
			Images flooded his mind. But they were random. Disordered.
			He saw himself killing men.
			He saw himself running through a forest with a great black wolf by his side.
			He saw blood all over his hands.
			The vision faded as Connor threw up again. His stomach was empty, and so only foam came out. He took a deep breath, and stumbled away.
			He arrived outside his flat, and put a code - 0451 - into the nearby lockbox.
			Still worked. He grabbed a key, and opened the door.
			No one was in. It was the same state he'd left it in.
			He shambled over to the bathroom, and washed himself in the shower. He let the warm water run over his skin, and took deep, deep breaths. Climbing out, he looked in the mirror.
			At the thought of clothing himself, he felt the tarry substance force itself out from his skin again.
			He looked back into the mirror, and saw that he was now wearing a casual outfit. He took a moment to process it, closed his eyes, and a jacket formed over his new clothes.
			He opened his eyes, and laughed mirthlessly. "What the fuck..."
			He grabbed a cup to make a drink, and it cracked in his hand.
			He sighed. His stomach rumbled loudly.
			Walking to the kitchen space, he grabbed some bodybuilding powder almost instinctively. He normally had these 'shakes' once a week to go with his workout. He paused for a moment, shrugged, and made one. He downed it, paused again, and made another. And another.
			He wiped his mouth, feeling sustained somewhat. It was new to him, but it made sense. How else would he be strong enough to...
			To kill a man? To take his head off in a single punch?
			He banished the thoughts. Regardless of what was happening to him, there was a dead body out there.
			He went into his bedroom. It had clearly been slept in since he'd been gone - he always made his bed in the mornings. Instead, the bed was unkempt, with one of his pillows nested in the side. He kneeled down, and could smell Amy's perfume.
			She'd been sleeping in his bed. Cudddling his pillow.
			"God..." he whispered, a tear rolling down his face. "I'm... I'm sorry..."
			He reached for his laptop, unlocked it, and checked the date. It had been just over a week since he was taken.
			He checked the news, and two headlines stood out to him.
			"MAN FOUND DEAD IN BELSON" read one. "WAREHOUSE FIRE IN BLACKMARSH" read another.
			He pulled up his hood, and headed to the Singing Horse.

		Enter, Naismith
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor descended the stairs into Tommy's back office. He spotted the door was closed, and so pressed his ear to it.
			Whatever had been done to him had given him more than just superhuman strength. His hearing was acute - as though he was in the room.

			"As I said, Mr. Crane, we just wanted to go over some things." Naismith began.
			"Of course. I'm always happy to help the police." Tommy said through audibly gritted teeth.
			"Do you know the name 'Reece Tomlinson'?"
			"Never heard of him."
			"Maybe this'll jog your memory." Naismith replied, sliding over a mugshot photograph.
			"One of Slater's boys, no doubt." Tommy shrugged. "What's it to do with me?"
			"Well, I was wondering if you could tell me why his head's been blown off."
			Tommy chuckled. "You'll have to do better than that, Naismith. Come on, how many times have we done this song-and-dance?"
			"You are the boss of the Redbridge Syndicate--"
			"*Alleged* boss."
			"--and there's been plenty of altercations with Slater's men--"
			"*Alleged* altercations."
			"Tommy." Naismith cut in firmly. "A man is dead. And I know you didn't do it, because if you did, you'd've already denied it. But if you know anything - *anything* - you need to tell me."
			"Oh yeah? Well, let's pretend I know all about this - why should I tell you?"
			Naismith hesitated, before sliding over a photograph of the body, post-decapitation. Tommy's brow creased.
			"If you *do* know what I need to know, you'll know why you need to tell me. That's all I can say."
			Tommy shook his head. "Sorry, can't help you."
			Naismith sighed. "I hope, for your sake, you're telling me the truth."
			With that, he rose. Connor darted into a supply closet, and waited for Naismith to leave. Once Tommy was sat back at his desk, he entered.

			"Connor? Where the fuck have you been all week?!" Tommy snapped, with a mix of concern and indignation.
			As Connor explained though, his face sank.
			"They shot you?!" he asked, horrified.
			"Yeah, but I survived, somehow. I woke up in this barn, I was being tortured, I can't remember much... but I must have escaped."
			"You're not telling me much." Tommy replied, tilting his head.
			"I'm telling you the truth. I swear."
			Tommy nodded understandingly. "I know, mate. I believe you. Who were they?"
			"No idea." Connor shook his head, as if physically rattling his brain to find the memories. "I, um... I think they drugged me. There were plenty of Americans, but some English guys too. One guy was Chinese, but he seemed... I don't know, like he didn't want to be there."
			"Were they with the the Patriots?" Tommy pressed.
			"I... don't know. They barely spoke to me." Connor sighed. "I woke up in Belson. This... one of Slater's lot, he came at me. I hit him in the chin, and he... he died."
			"You... wait, the skinhead who got his head blown off - that was you?"
			"I didn't mean to! I--I didn't think I could!"
			Tommy shook his head. "He looked like he'd been taken out with a fuckin' shotgun! And what, you did it with a punch? Nah. There's no way you're that strong."
			Connor thought for a second. He grabbed a crowbar leaning against Tommy's desk. He held it aloft, and bent it effortlessly.
			Tommy slumped back into his chair, pale as a ghost.
			"Tommy, I..." Connor sobbed. "I don't know what's happening to me. I... I can't remember everything. It's like my brain's shutting it out. I - I don't know what's real anymore."
			Tommy's face hardened. "You don't tell anyone about this, Connor. Swear on Vince's honour. You don't tell a soul."
			"Then what do I do?"
			"Go home. It's been a week since you went missing - Amy's been going mad. Tell everyone you're okay. Tell them you took some drugs you weren't meant to. Tell them you relapsed, or had a breakdown, or something. Go back to work on Monday. And never tell a soul."
			Connor slumped his head.
			"Not a soul, Connor." Tommy repeated.
			"Not a soul." Connor reluctantly nodded.

			Amy came home from a long, miserable shift at the cafe. She walked through the door, and her heart almost stopped.
			"Uh... hey, sis." Connor sheepishly began.
			She stood there, pale as a ghost, as if she'd seen one. Then, she pounced forward, and hugged him as tight as she could.
			Connor returned the hug, and sighed.
			She pulled back, and hit his arm.
			"Where the FUCK have you been?! What the hell happened?"
			Connor bit his tongue. "I, um... I don't know. I blacked out... I think I took something. I've not long come out of it..."
			Amy tilted her head - not fully believing it, but absent of any other explanation, accepted it.
			"I, uh... I just got home." he continued. "I can't remember much."
			Amy folded her arms. "You look like a skeleton. Sit down, I'll get you something to eat."
			"Amy, that's not--" Connor began, only for her to cut back in.
			"Don't fucking try and stop me."
			Connor smiled softly - endeared by her care.
			"Okay." he nodded, and sat.
			She put the kettle on, and placed some frozen pizza in the oven. Then, she handed him a coffee.
			For a moment, Connor relaxed.
			He was safe. He was home, drinking coffee.
			Amy sat down with him, and a single tear ran down her cheek. She clutched her mug.
			"Remember when we used to do this as kids?" she asked.
			Connor sighed, and looked at her.
			"Yeah." he replied. "We thought coffee was a grown-up drink, so we'd make coffees and talk about school."
			"As if we hadn't spent the whole day in the same school anyway." Amy chuckled sadly.
			Connor sipped his coffee. He took in the taste.
			Before his conscious mind could even notice, his senses embraced the drink. It wasn't just a cup of coffee anymore. Somehow, he knew the milk was almost at its due date. She used heaped spoonfulls of sugar. It was about 60% water, 40% milk.
			He shuddered.
			"So..." Amy began. "What the fuck happened to your hair?"
			Connor reached for it, and cringed. Where he once had a scruffy mop, the burned hairs had regrown into something resembling a buzzcut.
			"I, um... I think I shaved it off. When I was gone."
			A noise - nothing major, just a downstairs neighbour opening their door - cut into his consciousness. She didn't notice it, if she even heard it, but he leapt to his feet.
			Post-traumatic hypervigilance was bad enough *without* super-senses, it seemed.
			"What? What is it? What's wrong?" she asked, looking around nervously.
			"N-nothing. Just a bit jumpy, still." he said, unconvincingly.
			Amy folded her arms again. "You're hiding something."
			"No, I'm not."
			"Don't fucking lie to me, Connor."
			"I--" Connor stuttered, but Amy was having none of it.
			"I have known you for 10 fucking years now. Don't ever believe you can lie to me without me knowing." she snapped - angry, yes, but mainly worried.
			Connor looked downwards in shame and anguish. "I want to tell you, it's just..."
			"You're not getting mixed up with those fucking skinheads, are you?"
			"No, god no." Connor replied firmly. He sighed. "I'm sorry. I... I can't tell you."
			"Why not?" Amy begged.
			Connor looked in her eyes. "I just can't."
			Amy looked back. He wasn't lying.
			She sighed. "Connor, I've not seen you like this since Vince got arrested."
			"You mean, when *I* got him arrested." Connor countered.
			"No. I meant what I said." she replied firmly.
			"It was my stupid idea to hit that place." Connor cried.
			"You couldn't have known..." Amy tried to counter.
			"And now he's in prison. Because of me." he snapped.
			"No. Connor..." she began, sighed, and hugged him.
			"Seeing you like this..." she began. "It's terrifying. Please, just tell me what happened! You know I'd never judge you!"
			"I... can't." he whispered, his voice hoarse.
			"Connor... please..." she begged. "You're acting like you did after what happened in foster-care. Or... you're acting like *I* did."
			"It's... it's not about that." he shook his head.
			"Did someone hurt you?" she pressed. "Did someone... did someone--"
			"No." he cut in. "I'm sorry... But I just... I just can't tell you. Not yet. And I... I need you to believe me when I say, if I *could* tell you, I would. And as soon as I can, I will."
			She wiped her eyes, and brushed his shoulder. "Fine... Just... Just know that, I'm here. I'm still your sister. Through thick and thin."
			"I know. I'm sorry..." Connor nodded, a tear forming in his eye.
			Amy moved over, and wrapped him in her arms, as if her were about to break. He tensed at first, but finally allowed himself to relax.

		Not A Soul in Tommy's Office

	Reanimation
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Dark clouds had covered the skies, now. The sun crawled beneath the horizon, as Connor went out for a jog. He'd been running for hours, pushing harder, faster, waiting for the burn to come. But it didn't. His hearts pounded - not from exhaustion, but from something deeper. Restlessness. Fear.
			The night air was sharp in his lungs when he heard it: a faint sound, impossibly distant but clear as if it was right next to him. A scuffle. A voice. No... a cry. The sound of fists hitting flesh.
			He skidded to a stop, tilting his head like a predator checking the wind. The sound sharpened. A struggle. Someone being beaten.
			Before he could think, he was sprinting toward the noise. The world blurred past him, and in what felt like seconds, he'd crossed half a mile. He stumbled to a halt, staring down the alleyway.
			A young man was crumpled on the ground, clutching his ribs, blood running from his nose. A larger man loomed over him, rifling through his bag, a baseball bat leaning against the wall within reach.
			"Get away from him." Connor barked, his voice a low growl that startled even himself. "Now."
			"Or what? Fuck off!" the mugger jeered.
			Connor didn't answer. He started walking, his hands tightening into fists.
			The thug grabbed the bat and swung, the metal whistling through the air. It cracked against Connor's head with a deafening clang, but Connor barely flinched. 
			For a moment, the thug froze, staring at him with wide, disbelieving eyes. He swung again.
			The bat cracked against his skull, and Connor felt a dull throb, a brief sting. It was nothing. The impact sent a ripple through his body - not of pain, but of... excitement?
			The thug's eyes widened, his grip on the bat slipping. He staggered back.
			"What the fuck are you?!"
			"My turn." Connor growled.
			He lashed out with a punch, holding back as much as he could. If he were still human, it would have been the equivalent of a light jab - the kind meant to distract, not to damage. The thug staggered, wheezing as the blow crumpled him like a folding chair. He gasped, clutching his ribs, and swung the bat again, this time with trembling hands.
			Connor caught it mid-swing, the force rattling his arm but not slowing him. He bent and twisted the metal, folding it in half.
			"Go!" He snapped, turning to the young man. "Get out of here. Now!"
			The victim hesitated for only a moment before scrambling to his feet and running, his footsteps echoing down the alley.
			Connor turned back to the thug, who was crawling backward, clutching his side.
			"I'm sorry! I'm fucking sorry!"
			Connor's lips curled into a smile. He lunged forward, grabbing the thug by the leg and twisting. The snap of bone was vile. The thug screamed, writhing in agony, and Connor... Connor grinned.
			The realisation hit him like a cold wave. He was smiling. Enjoying it.
			He felt the black tar force itself from his palm. He looked down, and the freakish substance had formed a claw around his hand, ready to kill.
			Horrified, he released the man and stumbled back, his chest heaving. The thug's cries filled the alley, but all Connor could hear was his own twinned hearts, thundering like a drum.
			He yanked his hood up, turned, and ran.

			Arriving outside his home, he saw a white van parked outside.
			The same make and model as the one used by the men that killed him...
			He darted into cover, hiding in an alleyway. He peeked out, spotting the driver open the door and hop out. He pulled out a cigarrette, and leaned back against the van.
			Wasting no time, he rushed over. Before the man could react, he wrapped his hands around his neck. He avoided squeezing too hard - he wanted answers, not another kill.
			"WHAT DO YOU PEOPLE WANT FROM ME?!" he screamed, smacking the man's head against the van.
			The man desperately gripped at Connor's arms, his face red, as spittle formed around his mouth.
			"ANSWER ME!" Connor demanded.
			"GET AWAY FROM HIM!" a woman screamed, hitting Connor as hard as she could. He barely budged, but let go in surprise.
			The man choked for breath. She caught him, helping to cushion his fall.
			"WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU?!" she roared.
			Connor stood there, shocked.
			"S--sorry." he stammered. "I--I made a mistake."
			He turned again, and carried on running.
			He hated himself. Twice in a night, he'd hurt someone, and ran away.
			What did that make him?
			Coward?
			Monster?
			Freak?

		Beating the Alleyway Mugger
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"...How did a dead cat get in there?" Trey asked the customer.
			"I dunno!" he replied incredulously. "But it stinks, and I'm guessing that's why it keeps overheating."
			Trey grimaced, and wondered what gods he had offended in a past life to deserve this.
			"We'll get the cat out, and we'll take a look, see if the overheating caused any damage." he sighed.
			The customer nodded, and left. Trey turned away from the bonnet, and chuckled.
			"Hey, bro."
			Trey snapped his head around, to see Connor stood there. With zero hesitation, he pounced, wrapping Connor in an embrace.
			"Where the fuck have you been?!" he asked, finally breaking the hug.
			Connor gritted his teeth. "I, um... I had some sort of episode. I think I took some stuff."
			Trey smiled sadly, and hugged Connor again.
			"Like last time, with Vince?"
			"Yeah, something like that." Connor said evasively. "This one was longer."
			"I'm here for you, you know that? Do you need to stay round mine in case it happens again?"
			"Nah, I'm alright now." Connor shook his head.
			"I thought I'd lost you, bro, I..." Trey sighed. "I thought Slater's lot had killed you."
			Connor looked away. The memories of his torment flashed through his skull. He shook his head, and forced himself to speak.
			"Anyway... dead cat?"
			Trey laughed, and showed Connor the open bonnet.
			Connor immediately winced - the smell was bad enough without super-senses. With them, it was unbearable.
			"I'll get it out, if you check the engine?" Trey offered.
			Connor nodded happily, and began inspecting.
			There were minimal signs of heat damage - small enough that you could chalk it up to wear-and-tear.
			Trey gimaced, and procured a plastic carrier bag, along with a litter-picking stick. He tried in vain to grip the cat's paw with the stick in order to shift it. Eventually, he managed.
			"Alright." he sighed. He pressed a button by the side-rail, lifting the car into the air. Connor crawled underneath, and began working on the vehicle's underside.
			"Ew." he groaned, as a squelching noise filled Trey's ears. "Cat offal."
			Trey laughed. "You need any spare parts?"
			Connor hesitated. He closed his eyes, and felt the car's underside. There was a slight weakness in one brake.
			"Yeah... Left wheel brake needs replacing." he relayed. "I'll take a jab at the fixings, too."
			"Nice one. I'm gonna go toilet quickly, too - got bad guts today." Trey grinned.
			"Oh, Christ - your dad's curry?"
			Trey groaned, smirking. He headed to the backstore.
			While there, Connor began prodding at the car's underside, seeing what else he could find. As he did this, his ears pricked up - he could hear a soft metal groaning coming from the lift.
			He ignored it, and began tightening some loose fixings.
			The groaning got louder. The lift began to shudder.
			He knew what would happen only a split second before it did. The lift buckled, a snapping noise filled the air, and the car fell down.
			The last time this happened, Connor's first instinct was to jump out of the way - rightly so, a car falling on him could kill him. But this time, he instinctively caught the car in his arms, and gently lowered it down. He paused for a moment, and closed his eyes.
			"*YEEOUCH!*" Trey shrieked, before the toilet flushed. He came in, holding the spare brake.
			"Shit! Was that the lift?!" he asked, wide-eyed.
			"Yeah, it buckled, I--Um, I got out the way in time. Thankfully it only fell down slowly, so the car's fine."
			"Fuck!" Trey gasped. "It's my fault, I shouldn't have wandered off. We're meant to have two men on the shop floor at all times when that thing's up."
			"Well, blame Jake." Connor grinned. "Where is he, anyway?"
			"He quit." Trey chuckled. "Little shit acted like a dickhead, then whinged when we treated him like one."
			"Ugh." Connor smirked. "Well, we're down a lift now, too."
			He paused for a moment.
			"Get me a rolling board and a zig-zag."
			Trey looked at him quizzically. "There's no way you're gonna fit the brake that close to the ground."
			"Watch me." Connor grinned. Trey chuckled, and fetched him a board with wheels, and a small scissor-lift.
			Connor used the lift to raise the car a foot into the air, squeezed under the car, and began working. While he wouldn't have managed this before, his newfound dexterity and strength made him able to fit around into the awkward spots. With only minimal difficulty, he replaced the brake.
			"Employee of the month." Trey beamed with pride as Connor squeezed back out.
			"Mate, I'd rather do this than fish a dead cat out of a radiator." he retorted. "And definitely rather that than a vindaloo poo."
			Trey laughed. "That's not why I screamed. We're out of toilet paper."
			Connor cocked an eyebrow, disgusted.
			"I still wiped!" he hurriedly added. "But... I had to use wet wipes. Lemon and mint-scented ones, specifically."
			"Yeeouch." Connor cringed.
			"I think my arsehole is about to burst into song..." Trey grimaced, before getting back to work.
			Connor took a deep breath, and smiled.
			Still human.

		Connor returns
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Back home, Connor was in his bathroom, freshening up. He looked at his reflection. He gently, gingerly placed his hand on the mirror, and sighed deeply.
			He then stared deeply into his eyes, like he was focusing. He looked closer and closer - trying to hunt for abnormalities.
			Whatever he was, it wasn't quite human. Was he an alien? Was his body even his own?
			As he dissociated, the world turned greyscale once more. He gasped, noticing the change - feeling the warmth in his eyesockets again, and seeing the white glow form from them.
			Now focusing, and unburdened by the disorientation of his transformation, he took a closer look. The glow appeared limited to his irises - but it was bright. And his colour vision was gone.
			"Whoa..." he whispered, then gasped.
			The noises he made - he 'saw' the noise. The way the vibrations travelled through the air. The ripples coming from his mouth. Not in the mirror - he saw it come from the bottom of his field of vision, and cast outwards.
			He held his hand aloft, and snapped his fingers. Again, he 'saw' the sound come from it.
			"Super-vision?" he pondered aloud, mesmerised by the sight of his voice.
			He pulled out his phone, and took a photograph of his face. Then, he closed his eyes, and shook his head. When he reopened his eyelids, the world looked normal again. He clapped his hands, but could only hear the noise.
			Then, he looked at the photograph.
			The light from his eyes wasn't white, like he'd previously assumed. It was a terrifying red. They glowed with a demonic quality, as though fire might erupt from them. Surrounding his eyesockets, ink-black veins like those of the men who tortured him jutted around.
			He looked back in the mirror, and confirmed they'd returned to their previous steel-grey, and the veins had faded back into his skin.
			Eager to explore this strange new perception, he closed his eyes. He focused his listening - picking up even the smallest sounds. His own heartbeats. The sound of pipes throughout his tenement block. People talking, walking, arguing, or even snoring in their own homes. Noises a human couldn't ever hear. And they were deafening. His ears would put a bat to shame.
			He covered his ears, and the sound died down. Then, another idea.
			He applied this same 'tuning' to his vision, instead. His vision had gotten better since his rebirth, but now it was stronger than even that. He could see tiny micro-fractures in the mirror. The imperceptible ridges within the ceramic sink. He looked down at his hand, and saw the fingerprints and follicles and pores with complete precision. His eyes would put a falcon to shame.
			Then, he shifted from his eyes to his nose and mouth. He sniffed the air like a dog, and instinctively, he could recognise chemical signals he'd never even perceived. The toothpaste in the tube on his sink was at least 4 months old. As for the water in the plughole, he could tell it was soft. There was a stagnant stench coming from down the pipes.
			He'd done a remarkable job of cleaning away the biley vomit and blood in the bathroom, but the lingering micro-stains railed into his nostrils. He closed his eyes, and instinctively was able to tap where the stains were, simply locating them within his mental map by the proximity of their stink. His nose would put a wolf to shame.
			Tunable senses. Useless, though, if activating them would just overwhelm him.
			That's when it hit him.
			He re-activated the synesthetic 'super-vision,' and tuned his hearing back up. The noise was strong in his ears, but... bearable.
			Why wouldn't it be? He didn't need to 'hear' the sounds - now he could just 'see' them. Auditory input data was now being handled by optical processors. Like a load-balancing server.
			He looked around. Where he had heard the noises before, now he could see them. His hearing was strong enough that he could even see the heartbeats of the people on his floor.
			He looked at one heartbeat in particular - chosen at random - and focused his attention on it. Colour returned, but only on the rippling waves he could now see. They were bright red, like his eyes were now. He looked away, and looked back - the colour was still there, calling him.
			The perfect hunting system.
			He shook his head, turning it all off.
			"Hunting system?" he whispered aloud. "What the fuck am I thinking?"
			He turned it back on, but this time, with his eyes closed. Despite the thick skin covering his irises, he could still see rather clearly. He took a photograph of his face with his closed eyes, and then wandered around the flat.
			At first, he assumed he was simply seeing through the skin, such was the power of his vision. But it was more than that - despite his eyes being closed, his other super-senses were defined enough to help him visualise his surroundings in lieu of sight.
			Finally, he turned it all off, and looked at his photo. There was a faint red colouration on his eyelids, but nothing obviously supernatural.

			It had gotten dark now. To clear his mind, Connor went out for a jog - in the woodlands on the northern side of Wyrmrock.
			He ran and ran and ran, like a dog off the leash. He leapt over a stream, hitting the bank on the other side with a notable thud. Undaunted, he kept running. Miles passed, as he efforlessly looped around the woods.
			He came to a stop, and caught his breath in seconds. He crouched low, and looked out into the darkness.
			There, he saw it. A deer - a red deer, and a stag, to be precise. It had only just noticed him, and had gone still, waiting to see if he would chase.
			Something inside him pushed. Maybe his adrenaline, his super-senses, or just the thrill of his new-found powers. Maybe it was something darker. Inhuman. Feral.
			Maybe it was all of that.
			He smirked, and bolted.
			The stag bolted away, running as fast as its legs would take it. Ordinarily, no human could dream of keeping pace here. But Connor wasn't an ordinary human anymore...
			He gave chase, at points even running on all fours like an animal. His hearts raced, and his ears could sense the heartbeat of the deer. His super-vision activated automatically, and he saw the vibrations of his terrified prey. The heartbeat was, like before, highlighted in a blood-red glow, matching his demonic eyes. 
			This was pure thrill. An almost divine experience of animalism. Predator and prey.
			Connor slowed down, toying with his quarry, letting the chase go on for longer. He climbed a tree, and leapt in front of the stag, causing it to panic and turn frantically. Connor grinned with savage excitement, and continued the chase, like a cat playing with a mouse.
			He continued to pouce from tree to tree, instinctively knowing exactly where to grip, before leaping down and landing right on the stag.
			The poor creature yelped as its legs gave out, and without hesitation, Connor gripped its antlers and twisted. The stag shuddered, then went still.
			In seconds, Connor descended on its body. His teeth ripped past its hide and pulled out chunks of hot red meat. Blood sprayed from the entry wounds, as he pulled his kill apart and savagely devoured it.
			This was true life. An animal, and its food.
			He tore out another chunk, and felt the abysmal hunger that tormented him since his transformation fade away.
			Killing, and eating. That was what the Demon in his skull demanded.
			He swallowed, and went for another piece, before he finally realised what he had done.
			He looked down at his bloodied hands, then at the half-eaten stag, before standing, spitting out a chunk of meat and fur, and vomiting.
			Then, he stood, vomited again, and cried. Oh, how he cried.
			He howled in despair and sorrow, and clawed at his face.
			He cradled the dead stag, and tried to say "I'm sorry," but could only manage mumbles between sobs.
			It was a truly pitiful sight. A bloodied man, inelegantly blubbering over his kill.
			The awful headaches he'd been feeling had gone, but something worse gnawed at his very soul.
			Horror. Fear. Rage. Hate.
			Inhumanity.

		Deerstalker
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It had been a week since Connor's return. He was in the Singing Horse backrooms, working away while Tommy reviewed papers. His hair had started to grow back now, being long enough on top to brush it sideways again. He'd opted for a simple left-parting. His stubble had returned, and threatened to form a full beard.
			Pawel burst in. 
			"Tommy! Just had a call from Nish. There's men at the community centre - some of Slater's boys. They're gonna do a shakedown"
			"Let's go." Tommy nodded, grabbing his crowbar. Connor rose to his feet.
			"No, not you." Tommy firmly stated.
			"Tommy..." Connor protested.
			"Not a soul, Connor!" Tommy repeated. "You are not my soldier. You can help afterwards."
			Connor paused. He hesitated.
			"No." he whispered. "Fuck this."
			He pulled his hood up, and sprinted out the door.
			"CONNOR!" Tommy barked, but he was long gone.
			"Shit." Pawel muttered. "Didn't know he could sprint like that." 
			
			Connor's breath was steady, despite the speed at which he ran. As he moved, he felt his pores erupt again - this time, covering his face in a balaclava. He took a moment to appreciate the utility, before heading on.
			He burst through the door without hesitation. The room went still for a moment before chaos erupted.
			The first man barely had time to react before Connor's fist slammed into his chest. The impact sent him flying backward, crashing into a table with a thud. The second man lunged, a knife glinting in his hand. Connor caught his wrist mid-swing, twisting it until the blade dropped. A single punch to the chin dropped the man to the floor, unconscious before he even landed.
			Connor raised his boot, ready to stomp on the man's head.
			The image of the man's head bursting apart like a squashed grape filled Connor's brains. He felt a deep disgust at how pleasing it looked.
			"NO!" Connor screamed back, stomping his foot next to the man's head, shaking the ground beneath. His breathing stabilised.
			While distracted, the third man lunged at Connor with a knife. It sank into his abdomen.
			For a split second, Connor expected to feel agony. But instead, all he felt was dull pain, rage, and... excitement?
			Another split second passed. The drumming ache in Connor's skull faded, as though the pain burned away the fog.
			Connor stepped forward. His fist shot out, catching the man under the chin. The crunch of teeth echoed through the room as the man's head snapped back, blood spraying from his mouth. He staggered, dazed.
			Connor took a milisecond to feel relief. He didn't kill him. He was still in control.
			With a quick, calculated motion, he slapped both of the man's ears. The force of the blow sent him crumpling to the ground, clutching his head and groaning in agony.
			Connor exhaled, steadying himself. The knife was still lodged in his abdomen, but the pain felt... different.
			It focused his mind. Grounded him. He closed his eyes for a moment, and let the agony wash over him.
			It was intoxicating, as though his pain and pleasure receptors had merged into one.
			It was a sickening, disgustingly satisfying sensation. Every moment the pain hummed into his flesh, he felt another spike of euphoria, as the awful migraines that plagued him since his transformation faded.
			"You... you saved--holy shit, your chest!" one person yelped.
			Connor glanced down, gripping the handle of the knife. He pulled it free with a single, fluid motion, blood staining the blade.
			The wound should have been gushing, but it... wasn't.
			The pain was already fading, melting into a strange, almost pleasant numbness. The wound itself... it wasn't deep.
			The skin around it was red and inflamed, but it began knitting itself back together before his eyes.
			"What am I?" he pondered, staring at the bloodied knife in his hand. He looked down at his attacker, and gripped the blade's handle.
			He felt his heartbeats slow--No, he felt time slow. His senses quickened.
			"No." he whispered. "No more." He threw the blade into the ground. It lodged itself hard in the floor.
			He clutched his wound, and sighed.
			The pain in his stomach faded, but there was a lingering ache deep inside.
			And not just the wound.
			It was something in him, something shifting, changing.
			And deep inside his skull, the dull, drumming agony returned, as though a demon in his brain was unhappy at the lack of slaughter.

			Without another word, he turned and jogged out of the centre, his steps steady despite the injury.
			By the time he reached the Singing Horse, the wound had closed entirely, leaving only a faint red mark.
			Soon, even that would be gone.
			Not a scar, not a trace.
			"Not a soul." he whispered. He un-formed the balaclava, and went into Tommy's office.
			"I told you not to!" Tommy snapped, his voice trembling with the kind of anger only fear for a loved one can bring.
			"And who knows who could have gotten hurt if I didnt?!" Connor countered.
			"...Still."
			"Still what?!"
			"It's dangerous, Connor! I promised - I *promised* Vince I wouldn't let you get hurt."
			Connor pulled up his shirt, revealing the faint mark.
			"I was stabbed, and that's all that's left. Not even gonna scar. And it barely hurt. You got any other enforcers like this? Can Pawel get stabbed and be fine?"
			Tommy slumped back into his chair.
			"Exactly." Connor folded his arms.
			"Connor..." Tommy began, "You... you can do things no one else can. Christ knows what'll happen to you if you get caught."
			"I could say the same for you."
			"They won't cut me up." Tommy replied, his face pale.
			"They've already cut me up. I'm fine."
			"You're not fine! Connor, please."
			"Tommy!" Connor shouted. "Tommy... You and Vince, you both taught me to fight against injustice. To help the helpless where I can. Well, now I *really* can."
			"But..." Tommy weakly protested.
			"What those bastards did to me..." Connor grimaced. "It was the worst thing that ever happened to me. But somehow, it made me like this. That mean I have a chance, Tommy. A chance to... to make it better. To make it mean something good."
			"... there's no stopping you, is there?" Tommy sighed wearily.
			"Would there be any stopping you?"
			"You're too much like your uncle." Tommy relented.
			"...Thank you." Connor smiled.
			"Make it count."
			Connor nodded, and left.
			"I can do anything." he thought to himself.
			"...No. Not anything." His mind flashed to the broken bones. The flying teeth. The dead man. The flayed stag.
			Who was he?
			Human?
			Monster?
			Both?
			Neither?

		Community centre/Aftermath
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor woke up. For the first night in a while, not from a nightmare. He looked down at his belly, and the wound was gone. Healed completely.
			He sighed, and made himself another bodybuilder's shake.
			It made sense to him. He was *literally* building his body.
			An idea sparked. He pulled out his phone, and called Trey.

			"Hey, bro! You good?"
			"Hey! I'm gonna go to the library today. Wanna hang?"
			Trey chuckled. "What for?"
			He paused, before coming up with an excuse.
			"I watched some superhero films last night and wanted to figure out how healing factors work."
			Trey smiled at that.
			"You're an oddball bro, but hey, I'm here for it."

			Inside the library sat Chloe and Bea, on their study laptops.
			"How do you do it?" asked Bea, staring despondently at her books.
			"Severe social isolationism." Chloe quipped.
			"Hey!" Bea grinned.
			"Okay." Chloe smirked. "Moderate social isolationism."
			"Thank you. I did my part!"

			Connor, meanwhile, was reading a book at the shelves while pacing. He wasn't a student, and didn't want to sit at some random table with strangers. Trey had misunderstood Connor's interest, and was instead browsing the sci-fi aisle.
			Connor was lost in the book, trying to understand "Phospholipids" and "Metazooa" and other weird words. He rubbed his temples, feeling a migraine coming on.

			Meanwhile, Bea looked over and spotted Connor pacing. She nudged Chloe gently and pointed at him with her pencil.
			"Who's that little cutie?" she asked, excitedly. "I didn't think your course had boys like that."
			"No, he's not in my class. I'd recognise him." Chloe replied. Bea raised an eyebrow, and she blushed. "I mean, I recognise all my classmates, you know..."
			"Maybe he's some sexy foreign exchange student..." Bea teased. "Maybe you can go and get some... 'extra credit.'" As Bea said 'extra credit', she made an esoteric hand gesture - it was unclear what particular sex act she was miming - the only thing clear was that it *was* a sex act.
			"Shut up!" Chloe smiled, her face red. She smacked Bea's arm playfully.
			"Go talk to him!" Bea motioned. "I'm not even teasing you - he clearly doesn't know what book he's looking for. Go ask him if he needs help! You know that aisle like it's the back of your hand."
			"...Fine." Chloe eventually relented. "But don't get any ideas! I'm just... helping this poor foreign exchange student."
			"You go get that extra credit, girl!" Bea retorted, encouragingly. "I'll go sit over there - give you some *privacy.*"
			"Hardy har har." Chloe snarked. She approached Connor, holding her stack of books.
			Connor noticed her, and did a little nod-wave, before cringing slightly at his awkwardness.
			Chloe steeled herself.
			"Hi! I'm Chloe. I haven't seen you here before. Are you doing the biotech course?" she asked, smiling. She cringed at her awkwardness, too.
			"Hi! Oh, I uh... I work in a garage." he blurted out. "I mean, I'm not a student, no."
			He stifled a blush. "My name's Connor. Connor Barrett."
			"Oh okay, well what brings you here?" she asked, smiling warmly and hugging her books.
			"Oh, well... It sounds pretty stupid." he sheepishly began.
			"I'm sure it doesn't!"
			"I wanna know about super-healing. Like in comics."
			Chloe paused for a moment, her brows creased in thought. Then her eyes lit up.
			"I know just the book. One sec."
			She darted straight to an old book on the shelf.
			"Here. 'How To Live Forever.' Bit of a silly title, but it's all about using genetic engineering to make organisms survive extreme situations."
			"I... Wow." Connor smiled. "Thank you so much!"
			"Hey..." Chloe said, almost hesitating. "If you're not studying this stuff already, it can be a little daunting. Do you want me to go through it with you?"
			"That would be amazing!" Connor exclaimed. Chloe led him to her table.
			"So..." she laid the book out so both of them could see it. "The guy who wrote this, Dr. Zhao Jiawei, he's a genius."
			Connor's eye twitched slightly. Dr. Zhao - he felt like he'd heard the name before.
			"He's a bit of an enigma within the biotech industry." she continued. "He was behind some of the biggest leaps in cloning and gene engineering in the 80's and early 90's, some say he single-handedly solved China's famine problem, but after 1996, he stopped publishing completely. Not only that, he vanished."
			"Whoa..." Connor replied, intrigued. "Like, completely disappeared?"
			"Yeah!" Chloe smiled, glad that Connor was taking an interest. "I'm... kind of a fan of his. His work was centuries ahead of his time."
			The two read through the book. Chloe answered questions like "What's a lipid?" with "Oh, Lipids are fat. They are absorbed into your body and converted into Phospholipids. A sheet of one of these makes up the outside of a cell wall, another sheet lines the inside of a cell - as one tip is repelled by water and the other attracted, these sheets stick together to form something known as the phospholipid bilayer, AKA the walls of the cells that make up your body."
			"Wow." Connor replied. "You make it sound so simple, haha."
			"Hah, that's good!" Chloe beamed.
			"Sorry to keep pestering you with these questions - if you need to actually study other stuff you can." Connor said, shyly.
			"No, no it's fine - honestly, it's good to have someone to explain all this to, it helps me make sure I know it well enough." Chloe smiled.
			"Well, I'm definitely happy being your training idiot." he smirked.
			"Haha, not at all." she replied shyly, hiding her blushing.

			As this unfolded, Trey, sitting at a desktop PC, watched Connor. He smiled proudly.
			Bea approached and sat next to him. Without skipping a beat, she turned to him.
			"What's he like?"
			"...Excuse me?" he tilted his head.
			"Your friend, the one currently chatting up mine." Bea nodded, smirking slightly.
			"His name's Connor." Trey answered. "You are?"
			"Bea." she replied. "May I have your name?"
			"You can, but why would you want it when yours is so much nicer?" Trey smirked. Bea raised an eyebrow and smirked back.
			"I'm Trey." he chuckled. "And as for Connor, he's my best friend. He's kind, caring, probably the second hottest boy in this library, and oh yeah, he's single."
			"...you get a lot of practice being his wingman?"
			"Actually, it's the other way around - he's always had my back." Trey smiled.
			Bea raised an eyebrow. "Well, he's not being your wingman right now."
			"...He's made you sit next to me, hasn't he?" Trey smirked, then winked.
			Bea scoffed, but she was clearly amused. "That one work often?"
			"...No, not often." Trey laughed. "What's her name?"
			"Chloe." Bea smiled warmly. "It's... It's good to see her out of her shell for once."
			"Connor has that effect. Mainly, because it's impossible to be more awkward than him."

			Back at the table, Connor and Chloe continued reading.
			"So..." Connor began. "Let's say for the sake of argument, you had a guy who was, I don't know, stabbed in the abdomen, and within hours he was absolutely fine, no scar at all. What are the implications there?"
			"Huh." Chloe thought for a moment. "Well, healing that fast would mean a really high metabolism."
			Connor's stomach grumbled quietly, too quiet for Chloe to hear.
			"And being able to heal that quick means certain safeguards would be removed. The guy would be a lump of cancer within days." she continued.
			Connor subconsciously recounted how long it had been. 2 weeks. No cancer signs. Thank god.
			"To avoid that, his immune system would have to be insanely precise, as in, his body would practically have to be able to talk to itself on a high level - which means an even higher metabolism."
			"Hungry. So hungry." the whisper repeated.
			"A metabolism that high is bad enough in the short term, but eventually it leads to problems like accelerated aging. If you're healing at that rate, the cells are replicating so fast that the telomeres - uh, the ends of the chromosomes, that is - start to shorten, which normally leads to aging."
			Connor gulped. "So... you'd age to death really quickly, right?"
			"Normally. But if the body is producing telomerase - the enzyme that prevents that shortening - then essentially, they'd be able to heal from any damage. They'd be practically immortal. But telomerase production would increase the cancer problem, meaning more metabolism... If the metabolism is running that high, you're talking about the body needing so much energy to sustain itself, it'd spontaneously combust. So, for someone to have the kind of superpowers you see in films, the metabolism wouldn't just be high - it'd be optimised somehow. Maybe even at a cellular level. Then they'd merely be hungry, not famished."
			"Hungry." the words echoed.
			"So, like... what kind of meal plan would I--*they*--be on?" he asked, clearing his throat.
			Chloe paused. "Hmm... Probably loads of bodybuilder smoothies. If their metabolism was that high, it'd be a good idea to eat loads of junk food just to get the calories, too."
			Before she could finish infodumping. the class bell rang.
			"Oh crap, I've got to go. But it was lovely meeting you!" she smiled.
			"It was great to meet you too!" he smiled back.
			"Hey..." she said, again almost hesitantly. "Do you want my number? In case you have any more questions, I mean I could go on about this all day. You seem really nice, and you've put up with me rambling... I mean, that is to say..."
			"Yeah, that'd be great! I'll try not to knock you on the ground again." he smirked, blissfully unaware of any awkwardness. Seeing this, Chloe relaxed slightly.
			"I'd appreciate that, sir." she chuckled.
			She gave her number and left. She spotted Bea and headed over to her. Bea, upon seeing Chloe, began with "Soooo... tell me everything!"
			Connor stood, and with that, Trey approached - like a jaguar. "Soooo..."
			"Shut up, Trey." Connor grinned.
			"Connor's got a girl-friend." Trey sang teasingly.
			"No, she's just a nice person. Besides, did you see her? No way she's single."
			"Well, you've got her number. Maybe ask her out?"
			Smiling, the boys headed back to Connor's place.

		Library/Meet-Cute
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That night, in the Singing Horse, the pair approached the bar. There, a young man was serving drinks.
			"Usual?" the bartender asked.
			"You know it." Trey smirked.
			The bartender passed Trey a pint of beer, and gave Connor a whiskey shot.
			Connor necked his shot, and nodded, smiling.
			Trey sipped his beer, and as the pair left, he winked at the bartender.
			The bartender chuckled, and winked back.
			The pair sat down at a table.
			While seated, Connor rubbed his temples.
			"You okay?" Trey asked, tilting his head.
			"Just a migraine..." Connor replied, now rubbing his eyes.
			"Shit... Sorry, bro."
			"Nah, it's... It's fine..." Connor groaned.
			"You wanna head off?"
			"No." Connor replied. "I want to spend time with you."
			Trey smiled. "I've missed you, bro."
			"I've missed you too. I'm... I'm sorry I've been so busy lately."
			He wanted nothing more than to just be honest. But... He couldn't say anything. He couldn't get his friends involved. It was too dangerous.
			Another sharp stabbing pain in his skull shook him from the thought.
			"So, that Chloe seemed nice." Trey grinned.
			"Hah... Yeah, she was nice. Explained things quite well."
			"Also, I've gotta thank you."
			"Eh?" Connor asked.
			"While you two lovebirds were nerding out, her mate came over to me." Trey replied, now sporting a cheesy grin.
			"If you say the words 'double date', I swear to high heaven..."
			Trey laughed. The music volume increased, and Connor clutched his ears in pain.
			"You wanna shoot off?"
			Connor chuckled mirthlessly. "Sorry... just overstimulated is all."
			"Hey, I get it, bro." Trey smiled warmly. "Just... don't be a stranger, yeah?"
			"I won't." Connor replied, smiling sadly. He walked away, as Trey sighed.

			On the route home, Connor darted into an alleyway, and closed his eyes. The thumping sounds of the speakers, the noise of everyone talking, the smells, the overwhelming pain in his head...
			He clutched his head, and let out a groan of agony. He raised his hand to his face, and felt hot blood pour from his nose.
			"Fuck..." he whispered, before throwing up yellow bile onto the ground.
			"You alright there, mate?" a voice shouted from outside the alley.
			"Yeah... Yeah, I'm... fine..." Connor panted, before puking again.
			"Mental night, eh?" the voice asked.
			Connor chuckled, stood back up, and saw the man before him.
			The man looked... odd. His eyesockets had dark, black veins around them.
			They looked... familiar.
			No...
			The man drew a knife, and slashed at him.
			Instantly, Connor's reflexes kicked in. He grabbed the knife, and shoved the man backwards.
			Despite Connor's super-strength, the man barely budged.
			Another mutant, perhaps?
			Another predator. In HIS territory. The demon within was enraged.
			Something inside Connor snapped. He hated this change. Hated the killings and brutalities he'd inflicted.
			But he didn't have a choice. This creature was like him - superhuman.
			"It's me or him." he thought as he landed another blow.
			"YES! KILL! KILL!" the voice in his head screamed. As it did this, the headache seemed to intensify.
			Connor pounded his fist into the man's chest with all his might. The man wheezed, and droplets of blood spat out of his mouth.
			Instantly, Connor's head felt better. He punched him again. And again, and again... each thud lessening the pain, as the thrumming beast rewarded his wrath.
			Connor swung, but the man raised his hand.
			"STOP! LISTEN AND OBEY!" he roared.
			Connor froze, his hearts stopping and starting. Flashes of agony and rage flooded his mind. Torment. Change. Domination.
			"Yes! Listen... and obey!" the man grinned. The words echoes in Connor's skull.
			Connor looked down, paralysed. But then...
			"No..." he whispered. "NO!"
			The two engaged in a grapple, both trying to choke the life out of the other. Connor's vision turned greyscale once more. A surivial instinct, perhaps? Either way, his rage being paired with glowing red eyes made him a sight to behold, if any mortals could see him.
			Without any more thought, Connor shook his hands back and forth, and throttled his assailant. A sickening crunch erupted from the man's neck. He kept shaking and shaking, rattling and snapping the neck-bones.
			"DIE! DIE! DIE!" he screamed, shaking back and forth, slamming his attacker's head against the wall. Finally, he calmed down, and stopped. The man's head drooped back, the neck-bones reduced to dust.
			His hands shaking, he pulled out his phone and called Tommy.

			Less than a minute had passed before Tommy sprinted over.
			"Connor! You okay?"
			"Yeah..." Connor grunted. "I don't know who this guy was, but... He's one of the men who attacked me, I'm sure of it."
			"Jesus..." Tommy sighed. "Okay, I'll sort this. Get the body hidden. You... go home, take some rest."
			Connor nodded, smiling slightly - before frowning.
			"I..." he began, stammering. "These freaks are gonna keep coming for me."
			Tommy smiled sadly. "I think so, too. But you can clearly fight back."
			Connor hesitated. He wanted to go back to being a human again - the weird, nerdy 18 year old. But he looked down at the body of his attacker, and realised something else.
			They'd stolen that from him. They shot that boy in the head, and replaced him with who Connor was now. A monster. A demon. A freak.
			A killer.
			The pain gripped onto his conscious mind, latching on like a leech in his soul.
			But there was still one thought that was his. No one, and nothing else's.
			Revenge.

			It was midnight now. The Commandant was sat at his desk, smoking his cigar.
			Another man entered.
			"Report." the Commandant growled.
			"Commandant." the other man nodded. "The subject was able to overpower and kill our assassin."
			The Commandant smirked. "As expected. Are we ready for Phase 2?"
			"Yes, sir." the man replied. "Enough blood was harvested from him and number 6. Serum production is underway."
			"Call our proxies in Drackhill. Distribute Serum to them immediately."
			"And... the Subject, Commandant?" the man asked, nervous.
			"He's a traitor now. Leave a few breadcrumbs - let him make his way to us." the Commandant grinned.
			"As you wish, Commandant. Hail Victory." the man saluted.
			"Hail Victory." the Commandant nodded.

		Nightclub attack

	Monster?
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was a late night in March, 2015.
			Connor and Vince were in a dark room. Vince was searching through drawers, stealing wads of cash. Connor was on a computer with a device attached.
			"Takings?" Vince asked.
			"8 grand. Nearly finished the transfer." Connor nodded.
			"Good lad. I've found 60 clips so far. We're gonna be feckin' rich." Vince grinned.
			With that, police sirens closed in.
			"Fuck!" Vince shouted. "I'll distract them."
			"What? No way!" Connor protested.
			"Listen to me. Run out of that door and don't look back."
			"Vince, I--" Connor began.
			"Connor! That's an order!" Vince barked.
			Without another word, Connor rushed away.
			Vince took a deep breath, and put his head in his hands.
			"Fuck..." he muttered to himself, before heading outside.
			There, a number of officers drew their tasers.
			"Hands behind your head!" they ordered.
			Vince sighed, and complied.

			Connor sighed at the memory. He ran his hands through his hair.
			The sun was setting. The cafe owner, Raj, was wiping a table. Amy left the staff room in casual clothes.
			"See you tomorrow, Raj!" she called over to him.
			"Have a good night." he nodded back.
			He finished wiping down the tables, sat down, and breathed out.
			"What a day..." he muttered.
			As he said this, a brick smashed through the shop window. He ducked down.
			Jeering and laughing could be heard from a car speeding off.
			He cursed under his breath, and picked up his phone.
			"Hey, Tommy." he said grimly. "Slater's lot is at it again."

			"Bastards. Okay, thanks Raj. We'll handle them. And, don't worry about paying your protection fee this month."
			"Tommy, I--"
			"No, no, it's fine. Think of it as compensation for the window."
			"Thank you so much."
			"Stay at the cafe, and lock the doors. Are your family safe?"
			"Yeah, they're upstairs in the flat."
			"Good. I'll call you when it's done."
			Tommy hung up, and sighed. "Fuckin' Slater." he muttered. He picked up his phone again, and called another number.
			"Hey, it's me. I'm gonna be late tonight. I know, I'm sorry. Soon, I promise. I love you too. Night."
			He laid back in his chair, and rubbed his temple for a second, before finally calling another number.
			"Connor, it's me. Come down here, quick as you can."

			Connor arrived at the Singing Horse. He nodded at Pawel, and headed into the back office.
			"Come in." Tommy beckoned.
			"What's wrong?"
			"Slater's goons hit Raj's cafe an hour ago."
			"Is Raj okay?" Connor asked, worried.
			"He's fine. Shaken up, but fine."
			"Was Amy there?"
			Tommy's eyes widened. "I didn't ask."
			"One second." said Connor, taking out his phone. He called Amy.
			"Hey, bro, you okay?" she answered. "I'm gonna be at the Horse in 10 - you coming?"
			"Hey, sis. Nah, working tonight. Just... were you at Raj's just now?"
			"Uh, yeah - why?"
			"Slater's lot were being cunts again. Guessing you got home okay?"
			"Yeah, I'm fine." Amy replied, both worried and relieved.
			"That's good. Anyway, I... I'd better get back to it."
			"Oh, okay... Hey, are we doing anything tomorrow?"
			"Tomorrow?" Connor replied, confused.
			"Uh, yeah, your birthday?"
			"Oh, I... Nah, I think I'm busy." Connor said evasively.
			"Connor..." Amy began.
			"I'm sorry, I've gotta go." Connor interjected. "I, um... I'll talk soon."
			Amy sighed back. "Okay..."

			Connor turned to face Tommy. "Sorry about that."
			"Not at all." Tommy nodded. "You know... You can still have a life."
			"Not like this." Connor replied. "Not until I find out who did this to me."
			"Anyway, as I was saying... Slater's been getting worse lately. So, to shut him down a little, we're going to go after the one thing he cares about - money."
			"A bank heist?" Connor snarked.
			Tommy chuckled. "Close. I've heard there's a unit in Belson he's been storing Ket in. You and I will go. You go in, beat up his goons, and burn the Ket. I'll be there for backup."
			"Will they be armed?"
			"Unlikely. But if they are..." Tommy hesitated, before opening a drawer, and pulling out a handgun. "Take this."
			Connor hesitated too, but took the gun. He held it, and allowed his senses to scan it. It was a decent gun, despite its workshopping. He ejected the magazine and checked the chamber - it was empty. He sighed, and took a full magazine from the desk.
			Tommy handed him a holster. "Keep it in this."
			Connor nodded, and holstered the gun. He pulled his jacket to cover the holster.
			"I'll do what I can to avoid killing." Connor vowed.
			"Don't take any risks." Tommy interjected. "You might be tough, but you're not bulletproof."
			Connor nodded.

			With that, a knock on the door. Pawel entered.
			"Boss. Trey's here to see you. He's, um... not happy."
			Connor looked down, ashamed.
			Tommy sighed. "Let him in."
			Pawel nodded, and Trey entered. A single second passed, but it felt like an eon.
			"Hey, Trey." Connor broke the silence.
			"Connor..." Trey replied, unable to hide his concern.
			"Can I help you, Trey?" Tommy asked, feigning ignorance.
			"Yeah. You wanna tell me what's going on?" Trey demanded, leaning on Tommy's desk.
			Tommy sighed. He'd battered men for less. But... Trey was a good kid. And he wasn't exactly wrong to be angry.
			"Connor, you'd better head off."
			"Where you sending him?" Trey cut in.
			Connor hesitated, but Tommy cooly turned to face Trey.
			"I'm sending him on a job. Slater's thugs attacked Raj's cafe an hour ago, so I need Connor to hold the fort while we deal with that."
			Trey paused, and breathed in.
			"I'll call you when we're done with Slater's lot, Connor." Tommy said again.
			Connor nodded, and stood.
			"I, um... I'll see you later, bro."
			Trey turned, and pulled Connor in for a bear hug.
			"I love you, bro." Trey said sadly.
			"I love you too." Connor replied, hugging him back. He nodded, and headed out.
			
			With Connor gone, Trey turned to face Tommy.
			"You're still doing this?" he asked. "Getting his uncle arrested wasn't enough?!"
			"Trey." Tommy said firmly. "Connor is a grown man. He can make his own choices."
			"You know what he's like." Trey snapped back. "He wants to be just like Vince. And what do you do? You feed that. You fill his head with all this talk about 'making a difference'. You give him a cause to die for."
			"Don't you dare." Tommy growled.
			"Or what? You'll send someone after me?!"
			"You are such a fucking diva." Tommy sniped. "Believe it or not, Trey, I am the only reason these skinhead fuckers haven't overrun this city."
			"Fine! Good! But stop using Connor."
			"I'm not using him." Tommy replied firmly. "Trey..." he sighed, sitting back down. "I know Connor's been... off, lately. And I know you think that's because of me. The truth is, he came to me like this. Fighting the Patriots - and I don't mean physically, I mean *tactically* - it gives him purpose. Meaning."
			Trey sighed sadly. "Just... Promise me he's safe."
			"He's safe." Tommy said firmly. "I'm not sending him to do anything that could hurt him."
			Trey looked Tommy in the eye.
			Tommy looked back. He wasn't telling the truth, but he wasn't lying either.
			Unable to see dishonesty, Trey relented.
			
			He left, and saw Connor, who had been listening in.
			"Oh, hey..." Connor began.
			Trey smiled softly, and hugged Connor again.
			Connor closed his eyes, and a single tear formed in his left eye, refusing to fall down his cheek.
			"Listen..." Trey began, his voice almost tender, "I've got work in the morning. But, Amy will be here in a moment. Let's at least see her before we go?"
			Connor hesitated, but nodded.

		Tommy briefing Connor
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Amy arrived at the Singing Horse. She entered, and headed to the bar. With that, Connor and Trey ascended the stairs.
			Without saying a word, she rushed over and embraced her brother. He hugged her back, enjoying the moment.
			"Wow, fuck you too." Trey laughed.
			Amy punched him in the arm playfully. "Oh yeah, I invited some friends out by the way." she began.
			"Oh yeah?" Trey asked, eyebrow raised.
			"Yeah, just some girls I met a couple weeks ago. They're really nice. There was this creepy guy hassling them, so I did what I do."
			"Kicked him in the balls?" Trey quipped.
			Amy made finger guns, and clicked cheekily. "Bingo."
			"What are their names?" asked Connor.
			"Chloe and Bea. They just moved down here for uni - I don't think they know too many people down here."
			"Wait. Bea, the girl with the red afro?" Trey asked.
			"And Chloe, the girl with glasses and black hair?" added Connor.
			Amy tilted her head. "Uh, yeah... you guys know them?"
			"Kind of. We met them in the university library." Trey replied.
			"I was having a 'me moment'." Connor quipped.
			"He was chatting Chloe up, more like." Trey smirked.
			"Oh yeah?" Amy asked, surprised - and pleased.
			"I was asking her about biology - nothing more." Connor deflected.
			"Sure - reproductive biolo--" Trey quipped, before Connor jokingly raised his backhand at him. Trey ducked, laughing cheekily.
			Connor smiled, glad to enjoy the moment.
			"You've cheered up." Amy smiled warmly.
			"Yeah..." Connor smiled back. "Thanks for this, guys."
			He paused for a moment. "I'd best be off."
			Trey smiled sadly. "I'll see you soon, yeah bro?"
			Amy hugged him tightly. "See you, bro."
			"I'll see you at home." he nodded.
			Amy smiled softly. He left, as she took her seat with Trey.

			"Something's not right..." he said.
			"I know." she sighed, looking away. "He still hasn't told me what happened."
			"I'm worried about him. Really worried." Trey lamented. "He's a crap liar, I can tell something's up."
			"All he's really said was - if he could tell us, he would, and we need to accept that he can't." she shrugged.
			"Something tells me Tommy knows." Trey began. "He, um... well, you heard about Reece Tomlinson?"
			"The skinhead who got his head blown off?" Amy cocked an eyebrow. "Yeah, he was one of the cunts who came at me in Raj's. Why?"
			"...Connor reappeared the same day they found his body." he noted grimly. "I'm not saying--"
			"Damn right you're not." Amy snapped. "If it was that - he would've told me."
			"Then what the fuck is it?" Trey asked. "What could be worse than *that?*"
			"Fuck knows." Amy sighed, sipping her drink.
			With that, a familiar voice shook her from her gloominess.
			"Hey girrrl!" Bea called over, grinning. Chloe likewise waved.
			"Hey, oh my god hi!" Amy said, rising and hugging both.
			"Oh, Trey?" Bea began. "Oh, Chlo, this is Trey - I met him in the library while *you* were busy chatting up--"
			"Shut up!" Chloe blushed, grinning. "Nice to meet you, Trey. I'm Chloe."
			"Lovely to meet you, too." Trey smiled.
			"Yeah, so I'd do introductions, but..." Amy laughed.
			"Small world, eh?" Bea chuckled.
			"Small town, more like." Trey grinned.

			With that, the group shuffled so they could sit closer.
			"So... um, icebreaker. How did you guys meet?" Amy asked.
			"Our dads know each other." Bea began. "They're both old-money stockbrokers. But we became friends on the first day of secondary school."
			Chloe smiled fondly. "That's not the full story. Our class was an odd number, so we'd been put in a trio. The other girl we'd been assigned was a raging cow. Bea ended up making her cry."
			Bea chuckled at the memory. "Well, 'raging cow' is underselling it. She was a bitch."
			Amy smirked. "So then what happened?"
			"Well, after that debacle, the teacher assigned Bea and I together. Since she was the only one in the class who wanted to pair with me." Chloe replied.
			"Really?" Trey asked, surprised. "Why wouldn't they want to pair with you?"
			"Turns out, kids in private school are really judgy." Bea quipped, gesturing at her vitiligo. Chloe likewise pulled back her hair, showing hearing aids tucked behind her ears.
			"Ahh." Amy nodded in acknowledgement. "What's private school like?"
			"Snobbish." Bea replied quickly. "I mean, it's academically better, since you get more tuition. But socially... ugh." she shuddered.
			"Oh really?" Amy smirked. "I'd wager our school had a more tough time of it socially."
			Bea raised an eyebrow playfully. "One girl in our year had her hair cut on the bus when she wasn't looking."
			"*That's* considered the worst in private school?" Trey laughed. "One guy at our school set a football on fire, and then booted it at another guy's head - instead, it hit the headmaster in the groin."
			"*How?*" Chloe asked, stunned.
			"Well, he'd always been shit at football, so he missed the--" Amy began.
			"No, how did he light a football on fire?" Bea laughed.
			Amy chuckled. "Doused it in peroxide he stole off his mum." she explained.
			Trey laughed. "Good old Kay. Christ, he was funny."
			"What's he up to now?" Amy tilted her head.
			Trey sipped his drink, and looked away. "He's, um... he's in prison for attempted murder."
			Amy chuckled. "That tracks."
			"You know what?" Chloe grinned. "I think the snobbery wasn't so bad now."
			Trey laughed. "Amy has a good way of making things seem better."
			Amy giggled, and the girls ordered more drinks.
			"I'd better shoot off, anyway." Trey yawned. "Knackered, I am."
			"Pussy." Amy snarked. "See you around?"
			"Yeah, unfortunately I'll see your ugly mug soon." he laughed back. "Farewell, ladies."
			The girls bade him farewell, and drank into the night.

		Girl's Night
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Meanwhile, in the dimly lit warehouses of Belson Industrial Park, a bunch of men in Patriot leathers were inspecting bags of powder.
			"This is the good shit!" one exclaimed.
			"Retard." the other snarled. "This is cut to shit. Half of it's flour."
			"Fuck off." the first one snapped. "You don't sell ket pure. It's meant to be cut."
			The second man laughed. "You're even dumber than you look."
			Meanwhile, Connor was standing outside the unit. He was wearing all-black, and a balaclava. Tommy was by his side.
			"Alright - go in and knock 'em down. If they draw weapons, don't take any chances." Tommy whispered. Connor nodded.
			"Will you two stop sucking each other's cocks, and help me package this shit?" a third man shouted.
			"Alright, alright, calm down." the first man groaned.
			Connor prowled up, taking cover behind a crate. He took a deep breath, and stood.
			"Well, well, well." he muttered. The men immediately jumped.
			"Shit! Who the fuck are you?" the first gasped.
			"Who fucking cares? Get him!" the third yelled.
			A fourth man drew a knife. "Come on then!" he barked.
			Connor grinned. As the man went to stab, Connor grabbed his wrist and twisted. A disgusting snap echoed in the room.
			"FUCK FUCK FUCK!" the second man panted. He jumped behind a crate as the third man drew his gun.
			Time froze.	Connor could feel his hearts beating, and sweat forming on his neck. Every hair stood to attention.
			The man shot. Connor felt the world slow down. His vision snapped into greyscale once more. He saw the bullet, and felt its trajectory. No - the synesthesia made it clear. He 'saw' the trajectory - exactly where the bullet was travelling. He shuffled, and it grazed past him. The shooter's heartbeat glowed red - almost like a bullseye.
			Without further hesitation, he drew his own pistol, and snapshot the gunman in the chest, and then the head.
			For a moment, the man stood there. His face contorted, as if trying to retain consciousness. It twitched, almost like a chuckle, as blood poured down from his forehead. Then, he collapsed.
			The first man rushed in, tackling Connor to the ground. He laid punch after punch into Connor's face.
			"FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU!" he screamed.
			Connor was still in shock. But before he could process further, another punch was incoming.
			His reflexes took over. He grabbed the incoming fist, and squeezed - crushing it.
			The man screamed in agony, and Connor rose, grabbing his throat.
			At this, the second man ran away.
			For a second, Connor regained control. He tried his hardest to pull his hand away from the man's throat. And then, the man drew his own knife, and stabbed Connor in the gut.
			At that, his fate was sealed. Without even thinking, Connor snapped the man's neck. His bestial instincts kicked in, and he launched out of the building, chasing down the last man like an animal. In less than a moment, Connor was on him. The man's blood-curdling screams echoed, as Connor, possessed by his rage, simply grabbed the man's arm and twisted. He went to deliver the coup de grace, and finally, his rage faded. He was himself again.
			He looked down, as his vision cleared. The man was screaming, writhing in pain. He gasped, and fell backwards, in shock.
			The man returned to his feet, and ran away, still screaming in agony.
			Connor panted. He looked down at himself, covered in blood and gunpowder.
			He vomited, and sobbed.
			Tommy ran up to him.
			"Connor! Connor, are you alright?!" he asked, helping Connor to his feet.
			"I killed them..." Connor muttered between sobs.
			"I know, son, I know... It's okay, let's get out of here." Tommy said, in an uncharacteristically gentle tone.
			Connor pushed Tommy away. "I KILLED THEM!"
			"Connor..." he began, sighing. "I heard the gunshots. You were defending yourself."
			"I was attacking them!" Connor retorted. "*THEY* were defending themselves!"
			"They were selling ket so they could fund their pogroms." Tommy countered. "This is a war, Connor."
			Connor looked at Tommy, forlorn. "I'm a killer..." he lamented.
			"Yeah." Tommy sighed. "You are. And so am I. And so were they."
			Connor looked down at his hands, trembling.
			"Come on." Tommy barked. "We need to go."
			The pair went back into the warehouse, and began searching through the crates quickly.
			"Look, a laptop." Tommy beckoned Connor over. He handed it over to Connor.
			"I'll take a look..." Connor sighed.
			"Let's burn this shit." Tommy muttered.
			Connor struck his lighter, and dropped it into the crate.
			The pair left.
			"Take a crack at that laptop. See what you can find."
			Connor nodded, and left for home.

		Raiding the Patriots
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Back home, Connor opened up the stolen laptop, only to see an encryption wall requiring a PIN. He cursed under his breath, and grabbed a USB stick from his drawer. He plugged it in, and rebooted the laptop. A loading bar flashed on the screen.
			Connor laid back, and closed his eyes. He brought his hands to his ears, and grabbed his head. A high-pitched droning noise flooded his senses.
			The noise got worse. His migraines intensified. Blood dripped from his nose, and bile leaked from his mouth.
			"Fuck... FUUUCK!" he groaned. His eyes snapped open, and he rushed to the kitchen.
			The pain slammed against the walls of his skull, like his head was going to burst. Without thinking, he grabbed a knife, and roared as he drove it through his hand. It sank between two metacarpals, burying into the kitchen counter.
			He clenched his teeth, letting the sensation ripple up his neurons. For a second, he wondered what the hell he'd done, but then - endorphins.
			The pain subsided. He took a deep breath, and forced the knife free.
			That was it, then. He needed pain - to cause it, to feel it.
			"Shit..." he muttered. He went to bandage it, only for the bleeding to stop. He held up his hand - shaking, twitching - and watched as the hole filled with a red mass - fresh tissue.
			He headed into the bathroom, and looked at himself in the mirror. He broke down, and cried.
			A few moments passed. He rose, and looked back in the mirror.
			"No more." he whispered, his voice trembling. He launched a fist into the mirror, shattering it into innumerable tiny shards, and cracking the wall behind.
			He walked into the main room, and drew his pistol. He sat down, staring at the gun for a while. Finally, he pulled back the slide, loading the chamber.
			"This is it." he whispered to himself. "No more killing."
			He put the gun to his temple.
			He took deep breaths, tears flowing down his cheeks.
			He breathed in, tensed, and... breathed out.
			"Fuck..." he whispered. "Come on... You can do this..."
			He took another intake of breath, tensed, and... groaned out.
			"FUCK!" he shouted.
			"I can do this... I *will* do this..." he whispered, rocking back and forth.
			He held the gun to his temple once more, breathed in, tensed, and held it.
			For what felt like an age, he held himself in this position, trying to find the strength to pull the trigger.
			Then, he heard a buzzing noise. The shock of it made him turn his head, and pull the trigger by mistake. The bullet slammed into his forehead, knocking him to the ground.
			"Ow, fuck, shit, shit..." he groaned, before forcing himself back upwards. He heard a banging on the door. He struggled up to his feet, rubbed his forehead, and pulled his hood up to obscure the wound on the side of his head. He answered the door to see his neighbour, an older lady.
			"Ms. Kelly, hi."
			"Is everything okay, darling? It sounded like an explosion!" she asked, worried.
			"Yes, sorry about the noise... Just working on a circuit board that blew." Connor replied evasively.
			"Is there a fire?"
			"No, it's okay... Sorry, I'll keep the noise down..." Connor replied, slurring slightly.
			"Be careful, dear. I wouldn't play with electricity while drunk if I were you."
			Connor chuckled softly. "Thanks, Ms. Kelly... Have a good night."
			He closed his door and stumbled to his phone.
			He saw a missed call from Amy. At the irony of her call making him shoot himself, he allowed himself to laugh. He called her back.
			"Hey!" Amy shouted over the intense background noise. "You okay?"
			"Hey, Amy... Yeah, I'm good, just tired..." Connor replied, closing his eyes. Despite the bullet hitting him right in the forehead, it felt more like he was whacked with a blunt object - it still hurt, but nowhere near as bad.
			"Aw, bless you. So... You know how you're the *best* big brother in the whole wide world, yeah?" Amy asked, giggling.
			"What do you want?" Connor snarked.
			"Can you give me and the girls a lift? Taxis are all booked and I can't be arsed." Amy laughed back.
			Connor chuckled. "Where to?"
			"I think Bea and Chloe live in Caldermouth... Can you drop them home, and get me back to ours?"
			"Sure, just let me finish a few bits."
			"Oh my god, thank you! I love you!" she screamed.
			"You too. I'll call you when I'm outside."
			He put the phone down, and headed to the bathroom. He looked at his face - the wound was solely on his temple. He closed his eyes, and focused. The black tar formed around his head, and shifted into a beanie. He pulled it down to hide the wound, before grabbing a glass of cold water. He drank the water, and closed his eyes for a moment. His headache subsided, and he breathed out. He morphed his hoodie into a non-bloodstained one, and headed out to his car.

			He arrived outside the Singing Horse. He saw the girls already waiting for him, and so beckoned them over. They entered - Amy jumped in the front.
			"Thank you so much for doing this!" Bea said drunkenly.
			"Hah, no problem." Connor smiled back. "Where's your place?"
			"Uhhh..." Bea tried to recall. "Still can't remember, hang on..."
			"43 Amos Heights, Caldermouth." Chloe replied.
			"Nice one!" he nodded, putting the address into GPS.
			"You're so clever, Chlo. I love you." Bea slurred.
			"I love you too, girl." Chloe smiled.
			Connor drove off. Chloe turned to face him.
			"Thanks so much for the lift, by the way!"
			"No worries! Taxis are shit out here this time of night."
			Chloe nodded, smiling back.
			"Oh, I'm Bea, by the way."
			"Oh yeah! Sorry, I missed you earlier. I'm Connor."
			"I'm not normally this drunk." she slurred
			"I'll spot you for petrol." Amy said, her head leaning back into the seat.
			"Nah, it's cool. How was your night?"
			"It was great! Shame you couldn't be out."
			"Yeah, that's work, ain't it?" he shrugged.
			"How was work?" Bea asked.
			"Yeah, it was work." he replied evasively.
			"Haha, don't we know it." she chuckled drunkenly.
			They arrived outside a large, fancy block of flats.
			"Thanks again, Connor..." Bea slurred.
			"Yeah, thank you!" Chloe smiled. "And thanks Amy - it was so great to be out with you."
			Bea chuckled. "We should do this again."
			"Hell yeah!" Amy cheered.
			"Sleep well, guys." Connor smiled. Chloe nodded happily, and helped Bea out of the car.
			As the pair walked to the door, Bea drunkenly turned to face Chloe.
			"He's really nice. You should ask him ou--"
			"Bea!" Chloe hissed. "He can still hear us..."
			Connor chuckled, and drove off home. Amy passed out in the front seat, snoring loudly.
			He pulled up outside the flat. He paused for a moment, and looked down at his hand. The wound was almost fully healed - only a minor cut on the palm remained. He scoffed incredulously, and a tear rolled down his face.
			He shook himself out of it, and woke her up.
			"Hmm?" she asked groggily.
			"I'll help you up." he chuckled, helping her out of the car and to the door.
			"Whew... I'm hungry. You hungry?" she asked.
			"Starving." he grinned.
			She clicked finger-guns at him, and began microwaving some food.

			He went into his bedroom, sat down on the bed, and sighed. He looked down at the gun. He took out the magazine and cleared the chamber, before setting the gun down in a locked drawer. He then turned and looked at the laptop - the loading bar was full.
			He sat down, his face illuminated by the screen, as he scrolled through. He could see messages between members of Slater's crew, reports of drug deals... and then, hidden away, he saw a document called "SPOOKS.docx"
			He cocked an eyebrow, and opened the document.
			It appeared to be a dossier of information about some military-looking men who had been trafficking a new drug. The document claimed this drug was similar to steroids - users experienced heightened strength, stamina, toughness, healing, senses, and reflexes.
			He leant back, shocked. Then, he pulled out his phone, and texted Tommy.
			"Found something." he wrote. "Meet me at the garage tomorrow at noon."
			He pressed send, laid down, and closed his eyes.
			He was roused from his rest by a drunken sister stumbling into the room.
			"Dinner time..." she slurred, setting a plate on his lap.
			"Thanks, sis." he smiled warmly, before virtually inhaling the food.
			"Hah. Busy night?" she asked.
			He looked away. "Yeah, you could say."
			"You need to start telling me the truth." she said firmly.
			He looked at her, and sighed. "I'm sorry."
			"You weren't just holding the fort tonight, were you?"
			"...no." he admitted. "We went after the skinheads. I stole a laptop off of them."
			He motioned to the now-closed device on his desk.
			"What for?"
			"Investigation." he shrugged.
			She hesitated, but nodded. "Just... promise me you're gonna be careful, yeah? Vince got himself locked up so you could get *out* of this life, not back in."
			Connor looked away again, a tear in his eye.
			"I'm sorry." she quickly added. "I didn't mean it like that."
			"If you did, you were telling the truth." he shrugged, choking down a sob.
			"I'll take tomorrow off work." she cut in. "We'll find something to do."
			"No... I'm fine." he replied. "We'll see each other in the evening, anyway."
			She hesitated, but nodded, and wrapped her arms around him. After holding the embrace for a minute, she looked at her phone.
			"It's midnight." she whispered, showing him the time. "Happy birthday, Connor."
			He smiled softly. "Thanks, sis. Really."
			She nodded, hugged him again, and went to bed.
			Connor laid down, exhausted. In short order, he fell asleep.

		Connor Suicide
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Chloe and Bea were sitting in Raj's cafe. The windows were taped up where the bricks had come through. Raj was speaking with a contractor for window installations.
			Bea was clearly hungover - wearing sunglasses, joggers, and a baggy hoodie. Chloe was wearing a grey jumper and black skinny jeans.
			"Okay, be honest..." said Bea. "How are you not hungover? What drugs are you taking and where can I get some?"
			"It's called 'eating a full meal before going out', 'not drinking a church's worth of wine', and 'having a glass of water on your nightstand'" Chloe smirked.
			"Don't sass me when I'm hungover, bitch." Bea cheekily grinned.
			"Don't ask questions you don't want to hear the answer to, *bitch.*" Chloe retorted, her words dripping with sarcasm.
			"You are so lucky I love you." Bea replied, beaming with pride at the sass she was being dealt.
			"And you are so lucky no one else would have me." Chloe retorted, grinning even harder now.
			"I have taught you so well." Bea chuckled, then winced. "Ughh... Feels like my soul is trying to crawl out of my eyeballs."
			"Lovely." Chloe smirked. Both girls sipped their coffees.
			Amy arrived, wearing similarly baggy clothes.
			"Well, well, well." she chuckled.
			"Hey girrrrl." Bea sang.
			"You're not working today, are you?" Chloe asked.
			"Just about to clock in - didn't expect to see you guys here? Aren't there any good cafes in Caldermouth?" she asked back.
			"There are some very 'good' cafes in Caldermouth - and by 'good' I mean extortionate." Bea smirked.
			Amy laughed. "That's what you guys get for living in the posh part of town."

			Over in the garage, Connor arrived with the stolen laptop in hand. He entered, to see Trey performing an MOT on a car.
			"Bro!" Trey exclaimed, rushing over and hugging Connor.
			"Hey, bro!" Connor smiled back.
			"Please, please, *please* tell me you're here to start a shift." Trey faux-begged.
			Connor chuckled. "Afraid I'm here for the other kind of work." he replied, motioning to the laptop.
			Trey nodded in understanding. "That's why Tommy's here, then?"
			"Yeah..." Connor nodded. "I'll stick around. Once you're done with that car, we can go out for lunch?"
			Trey smiled warmly. "You bet. Oh, and happy birthday."
			Connor nodded and smiled. "Thanks, you too." he grinned.
			"Dick." Trey chuckled.

			Connor entered the back office. Tommy was sat at the desk. He gestured for Connor to take a seat.
			"What did you find?"
			Connor opened the laptop, and showed Tommy the document.
			"Whoa..." Tommy said, shocked. "Is that what they gave you then?"
			"Must be." Connor nodded. "And what they gave that freak in the Horse."
			"Damn..." Tommy muttered. "So Slater was tracking them?"
			"Seems like it. Says here that these fellas are working with the Patriots to distribute them. My guess is, Slater's not happy with the competition."
			Tommy stroked his chin pensively. "Look there." he said, pointing at the calendar.
			Connor opened the calendar app, and saw a bookmark for the 25th - the next day.
			"A meeting." Connor nodded. "Between a Patriot and one of these freaks. Says here - 'Sneak in, take photos' - orders to the owner of this laptop."
			"Well, I doubt they're gonna attend." Tommy chuckled grimly. Connor looked at Tommy, saddened.
			"Sorry." Tommy corrected himself. "But still... maybe you should check that out."
			"I don't know..." Connor hesitated. "After how last night went down, I..."
			"Connor..." Tommy began. "Whoever these guys are, they're at least connected. Get to them... And you find out what happened to you."
			Connor paused for a moment. "Is Molnar's open on Saturdays?"
			Tommy tilted his head slightly. "I have no clue. Why?"
			Connor looked away. "I'm gonna pop round."
			"You're in the market for antique clocks?" Tommy chuckled.
			"Something like that." Connor replied absently.
			"Fair enough." Tommy nodded. He paused for a moment.
			"By the way... Happy birthday, Connor." he said eventually.
			"Thanks." Connor nodded. "I, um... I'll think about it."
			He headed out.

		Speaking with Tommy
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor and Trey sat on a wall, eating greasy burgers.
			"This shit is gonna kill us one day." Connor said between chomps. Filling his stomach seemed to keep the pain at bay. Whatever demon was in his skull, it was as wrathful as it was gluttonous.
			"Me, maybe." Trey chuckled. "You're looking toned as fuck, bro."
			Connor tilted his head, before looking at his muscles. He hadn't had time to notice, but they'd grown since his disappearance.
			"Hah, yeah. Been training a lot more lately." he replied evasively.
			"I get it." Trey smiled sympathetically. "Anyway... What you up to today?"
			"I'm gonna pop over to Molnar's."
			"The antique shop?" Trey asked, surprised.
			"Yeah. I used to go there with Vince as a kid. He'd buy me some antique clock, and we'd take it apart together and put it back together." Connor replied fondly. "I'm gonna see if he still sells them. Would be nice to... reminisce, I 'spose."
			Trey smiled. "Well, can't argue with that." He rose, and brushed the crumbs off of his clothes.
			Connor stood, and hugged Trey.
			"I'll see you soon, yeah?" Trey asked.
			"Yeah... definitely." Connor vowed.
			"Happy birthday, bro." Trey smiled.
			"Thanks, bro." Connor nodded, and left.

			Across town, an older man in an old-fashioned outfit was working on a fobwatch. He was wearing an eyeglass to see better. He looked closer, focused, and smiled in satisfaction.
			"There it is!"
			He spoke in a thick Hungarian accent, but his English pronounciation was flawless - a clear indication that he'd been living in the UK for a long, long time.
			The shop bell rang as Connor walked in.
			"Ah, hello Connor! Can I help you?" he asked, smiling warmly.
			"Hey there, Mr. Molnar! Um, I was just wondering - do you still sell those antique clock kits?"
			"Ah, yes! I have a few here, gathering dust." he chuckled, pulling out a set. "What are they for?"
			"Oh, um..." Connor hesitated. "Me and Vince wanted to try our hand at them again."
			Molnar smiled warmly at that. "Tell you what? Twenty pounds, and the whole set is yours."
			"Oh, Mr. Molnar, I..."
			"You'd be doing me a favour. No one buys these anymore anyway." Molnar cut in.
			"40, and we've got a deal." Connor smiled.
			Molnar smiled back. He reached out his hand and shook Connor's. Connor smiled, and handed him two £20 notes, before thanking him and taking the boxes. Molnar also pulled out a dusty old clock out of its box.
			"This one's on the house. I've been putting off trying to fix her up for months now." he grinned. "See if you can figure out what's wrong with it."
			Connor smiled, and nodded, before leaving.

			Back in his flat, Connor was working on the clock on his desk, with a lamp illuminating the surface. He delicately maneuvered his tweezers, trying to clear a blockage in a component. He finally shifted it, and continued to reassemble the clock. Once he finished, he wound it up. It began ticking healthily again.
			"Molnar could've easily fixed this..." he whispered to himself, before smiling. He could practically hear the old man saying "Happy birthday!"
			He grinned, and leant back. He checked his phone, and saw a missed call from a private number. He cocked an eyebrow, and checked his voicemail.
			"Hey, lad, it's Vince. Sorry, I know these prison phones are crap. Just wanted to say happy birthday, my lad. I... I know things have been tricky since I got nicked, but... I love you, son. And I'm very proud of the man you've become. Anyway, I... I gotta go, these phones are dogshite. But still... I hope I can see you soon, lad."
			Connor's eyes teared up at the message.
			He leant back and sighed, wiping his face. He looked at his phone again, and saved the message.
			#He hesitated, and then put on a pair of headphones. He played a compilation of screaming babies. The noise was deeply irritating. He got to work disassembling the clock.
			While disassembling, his irritation peaked. He struggled to loosen a fastening, and nearly broke it in his haste. He leant back, and took deep breaths.
			"Stay in control... Stay in control..." he muttered to himself. He finished disassembling the clock, and then reassembled it from memory.
			Pain. Discomfort. Overwhelming frustration. And he didn't break a fragile clock.
			Maybe... maybe he wouldn't break a fragile human, either.
			Hopeful, he turned off the noise, and called Tommy.
			"Connor?" Tommy asked, answering the phone.
			"I'll do it." Connor said firmly. He hung up. He hesitated, and headed back out.

			It was getting dark now, as Connor made it to Redbridge Cemetery. The headstone read:
			"LAURA SINEAD BARRETT
			4/11/1975 - 24/10/1996"
			19 years, to the day.

			He sat down at the grave.
			"Hey, mum." he began. "Sorry, no Vince this year... my fault."
			He cleared his throat.
			"Something happened to me, mum. Something big, something bad... And I need to know what."
			He covered his face, and had a small cry.
			Amy crouched down next to him, startling him slightly.
			"Thought you'd be here." she said softly.
			"Hey..." he whispered.
			She put her arms around him, and squeezed.
			"Sometimes..." he began, "Sometimes I wonder if..."
			"If what?" she pressed.
			"If Vince would have been happier if she never died, if... If I was never born." he said, choking back tears.
			"Don't be stupid..." Amy shook her head. "You know he adores you."
			Connor sighed. "Did I ever tell you how this tradition started?"
			She tilted her head, gesturing for him to elaborate.
			"It was on my 9th birthday - the first one I had since we moved in with him." he began. "We'd had that wee party - I'd never really had a proper birthday celebration 'til then."
			"I remember." she nodded. "Bless you, you got so confused why we were singing." she chuckled nostalgically.
			He let out a chuckle, too. "Anyway, that night, I... I caught him sneaking out. You were fast asleep, so I snuck out after him. And I found him here, just sitting at this very grave, telling her how I was getting on. He told her about how you had come along into the family, said you reminded him of her at your age... and I just walked over, like you did just now, and sat down with him. He jumped out of his skin, before explaining what he was doing. That's why... That's why every year, he always seemed like he was putting on a smile for my birthday. 'Cause, it's the same day I killed her."
			"You didn't kill her." Amy countered. "You were just... born, Connor. What happened along with that... it wasn't your fault."
			"My grandad didn't think so." Connor shrugged.
			"Yeah, well, he was a prick, from what you told me." she smirked.
			Connor chuckled. "Yeah, he really was."
			She squeezed him again. "You know, I've been here a few times, trying to see if my own mum was buried here. See if I could find out anything about her. You have Vince to tell you about yours - I ain't really got a clue where I came from."
			Connor nodded. "I'm sorry. My self-pity party could be worse, I suppose."
			"I think Trey's probably spoken to his mum's grave, and all." Amy nodded. "I wonder if we'll ever learn what really happened back then."
			"Did you hear that one guy's theory that it was some experimental drug?" Connor tilted his head. "That the big biotech company in Belson had something to do with it?"
			"Eh, it's all just rumours." she shrugged. "I heard one nutter say it was actually the Fae, trying to swap out all the fetuses for changelings."
			Connor grinned. "Better avoid any cold iron, just to be safe."
			She chuckled. "Come on, it's getting dark. Let's go back home, and we'll have a glass of whiskey. For Vince."
			Connor hesitated, but let out a small smile. "Yeah. Let's do it."
			The pair rose, and left.

			At the same time, a man with black receding hair and a thick beard sat down on a bench outside a cafe. An older man with a cane sat next to him.
			"Mr. Sokolov." the older man nodded in a Russian accent.
			"Morozov." he replied.
			"[Have you received the correct information?]"
			"Da." Sokolov nodded. "[The trap has been laid.]"
			"[Excellent.]" Morozov smiled. Sokolov rose.
			"[Long live the Soviet Union.]" Morozov raised his fist.
			"[On with the Red Dawn.]" Sokolov replied, raising his fist back.

		Clockmaking

	Coping
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It would have been some time in autumn 2007. Connor was ten years old, going-on-11. He was running through the fields, and a small grey Staffy ran by his heels.
			"Come on, Stella!" Connor cheered. Stella barked back happily.
			The two leapt over a stream, and continued sprinting.
			Then, Connor was an adult again, in a kevlar bodysuit, running, with a great black wolf at his side.
			"WE'RE GETTING OUT OF HERE!" Connor roared to the wolf.
			"THEY'RE GAINING ON US!" the wolf shouted back, in perfect English.
			A group of men were chasing them. Connor looked around, confused, before he found himself back with Stella all those years ago.
			"Stella?"
			She tilted her head at Connor, wagging her little tail at him.
			Connor looked around, bewildered, and he shifted back again.
			The men chasing him had caught up. They launched bolas at Connor and the wolf, knocking both down.
			"Targets secure!" the leader proclaimed proudly. His voice, his face... The Commandant. That was the name Connor's subconsciousness roared in homicidal fury.
			The wolf slipped out of his netting, as did Connor. The wolf launched at the men, mauling them.
			"GO!" the wolf shouted.
			"NO! I'M NOT LEAVING YOU!" Connor barked back, before a bullet buried itself into his abdomen.
			The two were overpowered, and dragged away.
			Suddenly, Connor woke up from this in a cold sweat. Blood dripped from his nose, and he clutched his blanket.
			"What the fuck happened to me..." he whispered to himself.

			Chloe was sat in her university classroom, taking notes on her laptop.
			The professor, Isaac Lowenthal, began his lecture.
			If you asked someone to draw a kindly professor, they would draw Lowenthal. He was an old man, probably in his late 60's - and clearly, one who enjoyed teaching enough to stick it out for this long. His hair was unkempt, like Einstein - and his glasses, slightly too big for his face, clashed in a funny way with his small bow-tie.
			"So, class - H. I. V." he said, underlining each letter. "A true scourge of modern medicine. Our greatest weapon - the vaccine - powerless! Or, so we think."
			He smiled, and looked over the classroom.
			"I want you all to try and figure out how we could make a vaccine for HIV."
			Chloe looked up, confused. The rest of the class began writing away, or talking to each other. Chloe nervously walked over to Lowenthal, who had sat down at his desk - clearly happy to have stumped the class.
			"Um, excuse me, Professor Lowenthal?" she asked, sheepishly.
			"Yes, Miss Derrington?" he replied, smiling warmly.
			"Um... Well, I'm a little confused - HIV is so dangerous because it targets the immune system itself - a vaccine wouldn't do anything - would it?"
			"Indeed!" he chuckled. "Don't worry, Miss Derrington - the point of this excercise is not to break biology itself. I just want to see how you all think!"
			Chloe smiled, and nodded. "Right, of course - sorry to bother you."
			"Not at all - it's what they pay me for!" he laughed. Chloe returned to her desk, and thought deeply - googling, writing notes, and chewing her pencil absentmindedly.
			After 30 minutes had passed, Lowenthal stood, and clapped his hands together, startling her.
			"Okay, class! Let's hear it. Who'd like to go first?"
			The room fell silent. Finally, one man stood up.
			"I've got an idea." he said.
			"Excellent!" Lowenthal smiled. "Let's hear it!"
			"Okay, so I think we just do what we did with cowpox and smallpov - introduce Simian Immunodeficiency Virus into the host, and get them to base their immunity off of that." he said confidently.
			Lowenthal smiled, trying to avoid looking patronising. "Well, Mr. Darvill, that's an interesting idea. Unfortunately, current understanding is that SIV-infected bushmeat was the initial cause of HIV. So, by implementing your idea, we may end up just making a new strain of HIV instead. But, A for effort!"
			He was trying hard to seem supportive. "Anyone else?"
			"Um, I have an idea!" one girl raised her hand.
			"Go ahead, Miss Ross!" Lowenthal smiled.
			"Well, how about we take HIV virions, and deactivate them, before injecting the dead virions?" she asked.
			"Ah..." Lowenthal pinched the bridge of his nose, trying his best to not seem rude. "Well Miss Ross, that is the standard way to induce immunity via vaccination. Unfortunately, HIV does not work with that method. HIV is unique because, unlike many other viruses, it requires a very specific interaction with immune cells - particularly T cells - to trigger an effective immune response. Simply using a dead virus may not stimulate a strong enough immune response, especially one that targets the virus effectively. And, live HIV is incredibly mutable. Anyone else?"
			Chloe's heart raced. She knew her answer was solid, but the thought of being wrong in front of everyone made her stomach churn. Still, she raised her hand.
			"Ah, yes, Miss Derrington?" Lowenthal asked, smiling.
			"Ah, well, sir... Um..." Chloe fumbled over her notes. She could hear quiet snickering in the background, but steeled herself.
			"I was thinking... HIV envelopes have specific conserved regions, yes? Regions that are unlikely to mutate without making the virus unviable?"
			"Go on?" Lowenthal asked, intrigued.
			"Well, those conserved regions would have antigens, right? And, well, antigens have antibodies matching them. I'm thinking, we introduce only those conserved region antigens, along with a bunch of matching monoclonal antibodies. Doing so, hopefully the body could learn to produce those antibodies. If that worked, you would only need to take ART maybe, only weekly or monthly? That'd be a godsend for people in more developing countries. Of course, the challenge would be isolating the conserved antigens and ensuring the monoclonal antibodies are broadly neutralising across HIV strains..." she continued.
			Darvill muttered under his breath "That's not a vaccine."
			Chloe paused, trembling.
			"Miss Derrington..." Lowenthal began, awestruck. "Absolutely brilliant!"
			Chloe breathed a deep sigh of relief, and allowed herself a smile.
			"Amazing!" he continued. "That is a very good idea. You not only provoke an immune response, but actively improve care outcomes for the people in most need."
			Chloe smiled, and returned to her seat. Once the lecture finished, she grabbed her bag and went to leave, along with everyone else.
			"Oh, Chloe?" Lowenthal asked.
			"Sir?" Chloe replied, nervous.
			"Do you have a minute?"
			"Yes, of course." Chloe smiled, sitting down.
			"I've been giving it some thought - I think it's a waste having you in this classroom." he said.
			"I... Sorry, sir, I know the objective was to come up with a vaccine idea rather than treatment, but I just thought--" Chloe began.
			Lowenthal raised his hand. "Oh no, dear - your idea there was brilliant. No, I fear *you're* wasted in this lecture hall! You're far beyond the rest of the class."
			"Sir?" Chloe asked, still timid.
			"Have you ever heard of a company called 'Morland Genetics'?" Lowenthal asked.
			"I... Yes, sir, I've heard of them. Their head office is in Belson, isn't it?" she replied, unsure.
			"I'm going to put in the good word, and see if we can get you a work placement there." Lowenthal smiled.
			"You will?" Chloe gasped. "Sir, I... Morland's such a big, successful company - are you sure I'd be any good there?"
			"Absolutely." Lowenthal nodded. "The placement would be for three days a week. Working there will count towards your academic credits here, as well. And, you'll get paid!"
			"Sir, I..." Chloe thought for a moment. "I'd be honoured." she smiled.
			"Excellent." Lowenthal smiled back. "Take care now, Miss Derrington."

		Chloe at Uni
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That night, in Belson, a group of men in Patriot leathers were rifling through some boxes. A man in a military uniform oversaw them.
			"And this'll make us like you?" one of the men asked.
			"More than that." the uniformed man replied. Bulging black veins jotted his eye sockets. "It'll bring our leader's vision to this city."
			Suddenly, the sound of glass shattering was heard. One of the Patriots drew out his knife. "Who's there?!"
			Then the lights cut out.
			There was the sound of punching, before the man in the uniform pulled out a flashlight and gazed upon their assailant - a man in a red hoodie, black cargo trousers, a bandana, bomber jacket, and combat boots. He looked less like a traumatised mutant - more like a street thug.
			His silver eyes shifted to red as he stepped forwards - the pitch-black warehouse was bright as day for him.
			The uniformed man didn't hesitate. He came out, swinging. Connor dodged, but just barely, the punch grazing his ribs.
			His eyes widened. This one was different - superhuman. Like the assassin in the club.
			The two collided, fists flying with such force that each swing sliced the air audibly.
			The man in uniform matched Connor's speed and ferocity, their blows rattling the room.
			Connor blocked a punch, the impact reverberating up his arm, and countered with a hook that landed squarely on the man's jaw. The man staggered, but didn't fall.
			He pressed forward, throwing a barrage of strikes, each one more calculated than the last.
			The man in uniform grinned, his black-veined eyes glinting in the flashlight's beam. He ducked under a punch and landed a knee to Connor's stomach, sending him skidding back a few steps.
			Pain bloomed in Connor's gut, but he straightened quickly, his expression hardening. He was stronger. He grinned.
			"LISTEN AND OBEY!" the man shouted.
			Connor froze for a split second, before regaining his focus. "FUCK YOU!" he screamed back.
			The uniformed man lunged again, but this time Connor sidestepped and landed a devastating elbow to the man's ribs.
			The crack of bone was audible. The man grunted in pain, but Connor didn't let up. He grabbed the man's arm, twisted it, and drove his knee into the side of the man's leg. The sound of it snapping filled the room.
			The man collapsed to one knee, snarling in agony. Connor followed with a brutal kick to the head, sending him sprawling onto the floor.
			Connor planted a boot on the man's chest, pinning him. His hand darted down, grabbing the man by the throat. His voice was low and dangerous as he growled, "Who are you people, and what did you do to me?!"
			The uniformed man stared back, defiantly. "Fuck you, traitor."
			Connor growled, and tightened his grip. "I don't mind killing freaks like you. *WHO ARE YOU?!*"
			The man drew a knife, aiming for Connor's side. Connor grabbed the knife and drove it into the man's throat.
			He gasped, and reached out, before expiring.
			Connor sighed, and stood. He exhaled sharply, and de-formed the balaclava. Turning to the boxes, he waved the flashlight inside. Syringes. Dozens of them. His jaw tightened. He grabbed one, lit a match, and threw it into the box, burning the rest.
			He felt his stomach grumble, and looked down at the warm body below. He felt his hunger-pangs intensify - the same way they did with the deer.
			Disgusted with himself, he left for home.

			It was dark and cold, now. Connor's room was untidy - as though he hadn't cleaned it since his rebirth.
			He climbed in through an open window and removed his mask, before sighing and pulling out a notepad. He crossed off an item on a list, stepped back, and sighed again. He pulled out his phone.
			"Tommy, it's me."
			"Anything?"
			"No, nothing. Managed to find whatever he was pushing on 'em, though - some kind of syringe."
			"Probably the steroids Slater was freaking about." Tommy shrugged. "How was the fight?"
			"Not as bad as last time." Connor began. "Only killed one person - he was enhanced, like me - but weaker. I didn't have much of a choice."
			"You had *no* choice. What about the others?"
			"They're hurt, but they'll live. I've, uh... I'm getting better at holding back."
			"That's good."
			"Yeah." Connor nodded. "Also, I took one of the syringes with me."
			"What for?"
			"Well, I figured it'd be good to look into it - once I find someone who can. Either way, no good leaving that shit on the streets."
			"Fair enough. Anyway, I got you a lead."
			"What lead?"
			"Marsh Road, Belson. Warehouse 5-2-59/B. Slater is meeting with these freaks."
			Connor's eyes flashed with anticipation. "I'm on it."

		The Vigilante
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Trey and Amy were hanging out in a pub, playing pool.
			Amy potted a stripe, and cursed.
			"Two shots for me, thank you very much." Trey grinned.
			"Eat shit." Amy smirked.
			Trey chuckled, and shot - immediately potting the black.
			"FUCK!" he exclaimed. Amy burst into laughter.
			The two chuckled, and sat down at their table.
			They sipped their drinks, and paused.
			"So..." Trey began, "Elephant that's not in the room."
			"He's not that fat." Amy grinned.
			Trey chuckled. "Still... I'm worried about him, Amy. He goes missing for a week, and suddenly he's in deep with the Syndicate again?"
			"I know." she shrugged. "Still... working with Tommy helps focus him, I think."
			"Don't tell me you're changing your tune." Trey tilted his head. "You can't tell me you're okay with him being back in it?"
			"I'm not." she shook her head. "But he's been better since rejoining. I..." she hesitated, "I don't know what's been going on with him since he went missing, but he was struggling really bad, until he got back with the Syndicate. So, I guess I'm not gonna look a gift horse in the mouth."
			"I'll message him on Saturday. We'll throw a Halloween party at mine?" Trey asked. "Just because he's back in doesn't mean I'm gonna let him isolate himself."
			Amy smiled softly. "Yeah, that's... That's a good idea."

			In Belson, Slater and a couple of his goons were meeting two men in military uniforms. Connor was hidden behind a couple of boxes, listening in.
			"You disappoint us, Slater." one of the uniformed men began.
			"Oh yeah? Well you lot are selling 'roids on my streets without my say-so." Slater replied, trying to sound tough.
			"Not steroids - but you wouldn't get it. You've been taking from us." the other man muttered.
			"Any operations on my streets gotta be done with my say-so. Otherwise, it's fair game."
			"I'll show you fair game." the first growled, pulling out a silenced pistol and shooting both goons in the head. He then shot Slater in the abdomen. Connor gasped, giving away his position.
			"Get him!" the first man barked.
			Connor didn't hesitate. He leapt over the boxes, moving with inhuman speed, and grabbed the armed man in a headlock. With a twist of his body, he pivoted, using his momentum to snap the man's neck in one smooth motion. The body crumpled, lifeless.
			The second man reacted quickly, grabbing a crowbar from a nearby crate and swinging it with brutal force.
			The first hit slammed into Connor's shoulder, rocking the bone slightly. Despite his assailant's superhuman strength, it didn't hurt as much as he thought it would.
			The second hit, however, was much more in line with expectations. It landed on the back of Connor's head. His vision cut out for a nanosecond, as blood shot out of his nose and mouth. He smacked into the ground, prone, before rolling onto his back.
			Another hit. This time, right in the face. It made a sickening crack as it landed on his brow, splitting the skin. Then, a new sensation overwrote the agony in his head.
			He felt his clothes shudder and shake, before reforming. They took the image of armour - thick, almost kevlar-like. It covered his face just in time for another smack - this one hurting much less than before.
			The suit then thinned, as the tar forced itself back into his veins, invigorating him. His hand shot up, catching the crowbar before it could hit him again, and he sent a sharp kick to the man's midesction.
			He spun his way up, moving more like a breakdancer than a street thug, and swung the crowbar in a wide arc, smashing it into the man's face. The impact sent him stumbling, blood pouring from his shattered nose.
			As the man stumbled, Connor felt his muscles shudder and tremble.
			Before he could recover, Connor swept the man's legs, sending him into the air. Then, he flipped the crowbar around to its sharper end, and drove it through the man's ribcage. It hit the ground as his body did, digging itself into the floor. His body jerked once, then went still.
			Connor stood over him, his breath ragged. For a moment, he shuddered, staring at the blood on his hands and the bodies around him.
			Shaking it off, he turned to Slater, who was slumped against a crate, groaning in pain.
			"Why are you meeting with these freaks, Slater?" Connor asked, preparing to interrogate him. Thankfully, Slater was a coward in pain, so he spilled.
			"Th-they've been selling 'roids, trying to shack up with the Patriots - we've got nothing to do with them, I swear!" he relayed, panicking.
			"They're with the Patriots? I thought your lot were with them."
			"Stupid git..." Slater spats. "We split from those losers years ago. But you golliwog-lovers think we're all the same--aghh!"
			Connor whacked him across the face.
			"Where can I find them?" he snarled.
			"I don't know... I don't... I need..." Slater hyperventilated, before passing out.
			Connor sighed, and looked up.
			He whispered "Why am I going to do this?" before pulling out his phone.
			"999, what emergency service do you require?" the phone operator said calmly.
			"Hello, yes, I need an ambulance, I've had an accident and I'm bleeding out. I'm at Marsh Road, Belson, Warehouse 5-2-59/B. Goodbye." He said in an imitation of Slater's voice, before hanging up.
			He looked at himself in a metal sheet. He observed his new costume - it looked like an edgy superhero getup. Instead of the chitinous exoskeleton, he was encased in a smooth black bodysuit - one that covered all of his skin and accentuated his muscles. A hood had morphed out from its material, which felt gratuitous since the costume was seamless - but it helped obscure his form. The freakiest part was the eyes - a black plastic visor had formed over them. He could see out, but no one could see in. The light from his eyes made the whole visor glow, like LEDs in a glass bulb. And it was tough - tougher than kevlar. It completely masked his appearance - not even a close friend would recognise him. His suit was like a mix of a neoprene wetsuit and a ninja outfit - perfectly geared for covert operations.
			"Okay..." he smirked. "This will come in handy."
			Then, he felt a final shudder - liquid oozed from the palm of his hand and hardened into a blade.
			He held the knife up, and smirked again.
			"But not as much as that."

		Slater's Wounds
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Outside now, Connor took a deep breath. But before he could exhale...
			FF-WHACK!
			He felt his leg buckle. He looked down and saw a bullet had torn right through his thigh and landed in the ground below.
			In less than a microsecond, he realised the direction of fire, and darted for cover behind a dumpster. A second bullet narrowly missed him, grazing his arm.
			Then, the pain hit. He clutched the entry and exit wounds, and his eyes flashed bright red for a second, before returning to their normal steel-grey.
			He stuck his head out, but immediately ducked as a bullet whizzed overhead. He spotted a crack in the wall he was covered by, and peeked through that.
			A sniper, perched on a rooftop above him. He shuddered.
			No choice.
			He leapt out from cover, sprinting in a zig-zag pattern. The sniper's bullets whizzed past him, and one found its mark in his gut. It carved through his intestines, and tore out of his back, taking chunks of flesh with it.
			Undaunted, he sprinted on, the thrill of the fight masking his agony. He dived through a ground-floor window into the building the sniper had perched on.
			"Chyort voz'mi..." he heard him mutter. He sprinted up the stairs, the sniper sprinted down. They met in a stairwell.
			The man's outfit was similar to Connor's - that is, perfect for stealth. He wore a bulky kevlar jumpsuit, with a black balaclava. Only his eyes - brown, and constricted from adrenaline - were visible.
			The sniper aimed his rifle, revealing an under-slung shotgun, and unloaded both barrels into Connor's chest.
			He flew backwards, crashing into the wall behind him. He struggled to his feet, his eyes flashing red again.
			"Bozhe moy!" the sniper shuddered, scrambling to reload.
			Before he could, Connor grabbed the gun, and effortlessly yanked it from his hands. His own fists morphed into claws, and he lifted the shooter up by the throat.
			"WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE?!" he screamed. "WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME?!"
			"US?! YOU FASCIST BASTARD!" the sniper spat back.
			"ME?! I'm not the one selling freaky steroids to Slater's lot!"
			He tightened his grip.
			"Tell me who you people are, *right now* - or I'll pop your head like a grape."
			The sniper scowled. "You need to do better than that. I'll gladly die before I give up my secrets to a fascist pig." he sputtered.
			Connor snarled, then released his grip. Dropping his bravado, the sniper choked and spat, catching his breath. He pulled off his balaclava, revealing black receding hair and a thick beard.
			"The fuck are you talking about? You're the ones who are working with these cunts!"
			"Ty chto?!" he pulled his head back incredulously. "Wait a minute... you're *not* with those freaks?"
			"I just killed three of them this evening, you prick!" Connor growled in his face. "And I'll happily kill a fourth, if you don't start talking!"
			Realisation dawned on his face. He grinned, and brushed himself off, before offering his hand out.
			"Ivan Sokolov. KGB - or what's left of it. Apologies for the... introduction, but we thought you were with them."
			Connor tilted his head, not taking the hand. He un-morphed his mask to reveal his face. "Why would I be with them? They shot me in the head and turned me into a monster!"
			"Da, and we thought they'd got your soul, too." Ivan nodded. "We know this... cabal, they have brainwashing technology. We thought they'd filled your head with all kinds of *khernya.* But if you're fighting them, it clearly didn't work on you. By now, they would have said your keywords."
			Connor shuddered. "They... They said 'Listen and Obey' to me a couple times. It makes me... remember things... but nothing more."
			Ivan stroked his beard. "Then their conditioning didn't take too deep a root. Good, very good. How's your leg? And your gut?"
			"I'll live." Connor chuckled grimly. "Shoot me again, and you're dead."
			Ivan laughed. "Fair enough, tovarishch."
			He paused.
			"You want to take the fight to these bastards?"
			Connor nodded.
			"Then follow me."
			"To where?"
			"I have a mission for you." Ivan began. "You, me, and a warehouse occupied by these freaks. We go in, loud - then we take the stuff they have."
			"What stuff?" Connor asked, raising an eyebrow.
			"Don't know - but secret, military shit."
			"How far's the drive?"
			"Half an hour. Why?"
			"Because some Russian bastard shot me a bunch, and I need some time to regenerate." Connor laughed.
			Ivan chuckled, and the pair headed downstairs.
			Connor stood there in the alleyway for a moment, deep in thought. His kevlar bodysuit shifted back to the red hoodie and black jacket.
			"The KGB..." he muttered. "What the fuck..."

		Meeting Ivan
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor and Ivan crouched low as they approach their target location. The faint hum of machinery buzzed in the air, and the smell of oil and rust was thick. Ivan pulled a pistol from his coat and handed it to Connor.
			"You know how to use?"
			Connor smirked, inspecting the weapon. "Point at anything that makes a noise?" he quipped.
			Ivan chortled. "Da. And if gun jams, always look down barrel."
			Connor grinned. He closed his eyes and focused. His clothes melded together, and the kevlar bodysuit re-formed over his flesh.
			Ivan looked at him in awe. "Bozhe moy..." he whispered.
			Connor nodded. Ivan placed his sniper rifle in the boot of the car.
			"Do skoroy vstrechi, moya milaya." he whispered to it, grinning.
			"You're not bringing the gun that carved a hole in my gut?" Connor tilted his head.
			"It's an enclosed space. And Isabella hates it when she sees me using other guns." Ivan chuckled, loading his pistol.
			"Isabella?"
			Ivan pointed at the rifle. "Isabella - love of my life."
			Connor smirked. "If you want, I can walk home from here - don't wanna be a third wheel, you know."
			Ivan giggled, then turned serious. "Okay, so - mission objective: we kill all of them. According to my surveillance, they're all Super-Agents - lucky we have you on our side."
			"Super-What?"
			"Super-Agents. That's what we've been calling them - Super-Soldier would imply they were an army, rather than individual operatives." Ivan explained. "Don't hesitate with them. And we're not taking prisoners - go for the kill."
			Connor hesitated, but nodded. They slipped inside, moving like shadows through the dimly lit space.

			Connor spotted the first two guards standing near the entrance. Without hesitation, he raised the gun and fired. The shots were clean and quick - one to the chest, one to the head for each guard. The bodies dropped with muted thuds. He shuddered as they hit the ground.
			The warehouse opened up into a wide open. Crates were stacked high, and the air felt heavier here. Connor scanned the room, taking in the scene - rows of syringes packed into crates. A cage with a massive black wolf, its yellow eyes glowing faintly in the dark.
			He stepped closer, his brow furrowing as unease prickled the back of his neck.
			With that, a shot broke the silence.
			Instinct took over. He ducked for cover behind a crate, firing blindly in the direction of the attack.
			"Get down!" Ivan shouted, joining the fray. He fired with precision, his movements practiced and efficient. The warehouse erupted into chaos as more guards flooded in, their guns blazing.
			Connor moved like a predator, firing and dodging, his superhuman reflexes giving him the edge. He took down one guard, then another, each shot deliberate.
			One bullet buried itself in Connor's leg. Another in his gut. A third in his chest. Undaunted, he used the time between shots to execute his assailants.
			Then, a shout from Ivan cut through the noise.
			He turned just in time to see Ivan stumble, clutching his side. Blood seeped through his fingers, and he dropped to his knees.
			"No!" Connor barked, sprinting to his side. He shot out, taking down the last soldier.
			Ivan collapsed onto his back, his breathing shallow, his face pale.
			"Stay with me." Connor strained as he pressed his hands against the wound. The blood was warm and sticky, pooling beneath them.
			Ivan's lips moved, but no sound came out.
			Connor's eyes darted around the room, landing on the crates of syringes. His mind flashed back to the thug's words.
			"And this'll make us like you?"
			He hesitated. But Ivan's labored breathing snapped him back to the moment.
			"I hope this works." he muttered, grabbing one of the syringes.
			He plunged the needle into Ivan's arm and depressed the plunger. Ivan's body arched violently, a guttural scream tearing from his throat. His eyes rolled back, and for a horrifying moment, he stopped breathing.
			Connor froze, panic clawing at his chest. "Ivan?" he whispered, shaking him. "Come on, man. Don't do this."
			Seconds stretched into an eternity.
			Then Ivan gasped, his chest heaving as he sucked in air. His breathing steadied, though his body remained limp.
			Connor exhaled sharply. Ivan was alive - unconscious, but alive.
			He glanced at the syringes, then back at the wolf in the cage, its unblinking eyes fixed on him. A sense of foreboding settled over him.
			"This is getting weirder by the second." he muttered, standing and gripping his gun tightly.

			The 'wolf' was massive - but clearly young. He was chained, with a metal collar holding his neck, and smaller chains fastening his paws. His yellow eyes had an almost alien quality to them - they looked nearly human. The way he looked around indicated a deep intelligence. And he looked familiar. *Very* familiar.
			"Hey, buddy..." Connor sighed, leaning in through the bars. "What have they been doing to you?"
			"Oh, you have no idea." the wolf replied. Both of them looked shocked for a second.
			"Did you just talk?" Connor asked, aghast.
			"Wait a moment... It's you!" the wolf likewise gasped.
			"Me?" Connor asked, confused.
			"Yes! You were there before! When we escaped last time!" he barked excitedly. "You look better! Have you had something good to eat?"
			Connor shook his head. "I'm sorry, I... Wait, are you saying we've met before?"
			"Yeah! You don't remember?" the wolf asked.
			Connor crouched down to the wolf's level. "I don't remember much of anything... I remember being shot in the head, and I think I remember them beating me... But other than that, I don't remember anything."
			He reached out, and petted the wolf's head. For a second, his mind's eye opened. Flashes flooded his mind. Running through a field. Masked men with bolas. Gunfire. Pain.
			"You're the wolf from my dreams?"
			"Maybe?" the wolf tilted his head. "We escaped this place together, a few weeks ago. Or, nearly escaped, at least."
			Connor leant back, shocked. "You... You know what happened to me?"
			"A little. If you take me with you, I can tell you!" he barked, begging to leave.
			"Yeah... yeah of course. Come along!" Connor nodded frantically.
			He broke the lock, and crawled into the cage.
			"Okay, I'm gonna break these chains."
			The wolf timidly accepted, and Connor snapped the metal loose.
			He crawled out of the cage, and stretched - as though he hadn't moved in weeks. He looked over at Connor, and tilted his head.
			Connor snatched a laptop next to the cage. He lifted Ivan up onto his shoulder, and the three prepared to leave.

			"Wait!" the wolf barked, sniffing the air. "Bad guys, incoming!"
			Before Connor could even react, the warehouse air erupted again with gunfire. A squadron of Super-Agents swarmed into the area, as Connor darted into cover, shielding Ivan from the bullets. He drew his gun, but before he could, the wolf placed his paw on his hand.
			"Let me." he said, stretching and grinning viciously.
			Connor grinned back. "Be my guest."
			Immediately, the beast launched himself into the air, landing onto the foreman of the squadron. He sank his claws and teeth into the man, before ripping his head off.
			Without hesitation, the leader of the group fired off a shot into the wolf's side. He flew backwards, but twisted and sprang onto a second man. A single swipe of his claws disembowled him.
			Connor looked around frantically from his cover. He spotted a fusebox in a corner, hidden away. He took a deep breath, and fired.
			Sparks flew from the box, and the room fell into pitch darkness.
			Connor could see fairly well - his enhanced senses letting him make out the shapes, doubly so with his red eyes piercing the darkness. The wolf, however, had senses far beyond that. If anything, the lack of light let him focus better.
			The Agents flicked switches on their guns, and beams of light came out from torches hooked onto the barrels.
			"FIND THEM!" the leader roared. At that, a hushed *FF-WHACK* whizzed through the air, and a subsonic round from Connor's pistol slammed into an Agent's skull. It came to a halt in his cerebral cortex. The man's body shuddered, his legs buckled, and he fell straight into the ground.
			The men gasped and shuddered, frantically searching with their flashlights. Connor peeked his head around his cover, spotting two yellow orbs form out from the shadows behind a fourth man.
			He squinted harder - they were eyes. Wolf eyes.
			A roar and a pounce, and the fourth man flew sideways, teeth clamped on his neck. He screamed and gurgled in pain, as the beam of light from his gun jerked, blinding a fifth man for a second. Connor took the opportunity to snapshot him in the head.
			The leader roared in frustration, and fired blindly where the wolf had been. He sprang away, only being grazed by the incoming hail of bullets.
			Enraged, the leader pulled a large serrated knife from his belt, and sprang forward, sinking it into the wolf's hide. He howled in pain, and Connor felt a searing flash in his mind. Memories.
			He raised his gun, lining it perfectly with the leader's head. He pulled the trigger, and...
			Click. The hammer snapped forwards harmlessly. Out of ammo.
			Without any further thought for tactics or deliberation, Connor rushed in like a crazed bull. He slammed himself into the leader's side, sending him flying.
			The leader looked up, now consumed with fury. He pulled a small cylinder from his belt, pulled a pin from it, and launched it at Connor. Before he could react, a blinding flash of light and a horrific piercing noise overwhelmed him. A flashbang grenade.
			Connor began to shake violently, clutching his head as though it might well pop. The leader rose, drawing his serrated blade again, and sank it into Connor's gut.
			Connor felt the agony wash over him like hot water. Before he could lose himself, however...
			"RAAAAGH!"
			The wolf pounced out, his eyes flashing from yellow to blood-red. Like Connor's own Rages, he'd been transformed. Where once he was fluffy and furry, he was now encased in a chitinous carapace, and his claws looks like they could slice open a tank. He grabbed the leader's wrist and yanked away, ripping off the hand.
			"GRAAAGH! DIE! DIE!" he roared.
			The leader screamed in agony, clutching his stump. The wolf then gripped the leader's leg in his mouth, pulling.
			The leader frantically kicked away, falling on his backside. A kick enhanced by terror and pain pushed the wolf's head away, but he was undeterred. A swipe of claws to the abdomen, then another to the torso, and a third to the neck, before teeth sank into the squirming, roaring body. Each bite and swipe was accompanied by a horrifying, blood-chilling roar. Eventually, Connor regained his senses as the leader's screams ended.
			Connor panted for breath, as did the wolf. But still - a full squadron of highly trained, professional killers - enhanced beyond human powers - and a teenage boy and a caged wolf killed them all.
			He reached down, feeling his head cool off. He gripped the handle of the knife, and yanked it out, sending a globule of blood outwards.
			The wolf crawled over, exhausted.
			"We... we're safe..."
			Connor knelt down, and stroked his ears. He gratefully pressed his head into Connor's palm.
			"Come with me."
			He hoisted Ivan up onto his shoulder. Ivan seemed to be stirring now - his body twisting unnaturally under the influence of the alien serum in his veins.
			Without any further words, the three headed to the car.

		Saving Sparky and Ivan
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Ivan awoke in the car, jolting upwards.
			"You're okay." Connor explained. "You're in the car. We're back in Drackhill now. I gave you a syringe of their stuff. It... healed you, I guess."
			Ivan took a deep breath. His eyesockets now had those tell-tale black veins jutting out down his cheekbones. He sighed, and rubbed his temples. The wolf approached timidly.
			"Are you okay?" he asked.
			Ivan tilted his head. "The wolf? Is it tame?"
			"You can't hear him?" Connor asked, confused.
			"Most people can't, I don't think." the wolf replied.
			Ivan chuckled in shock. "You *can?*"
			"Yeah. He can communicate with me, I think. I don't know..." Connor shook his head.
			"Or... you're just fucking *yebanuty,* tovarishch." Ivan laughed incredulously.
			Connor paused for a moment, before an idea struck. "Okay." he began, handing Ivan a pen and paper. "Draw a sequence of random shapes, show it to him, and he'll tell me what you drew."
			Ivan chuckled, and did so. Connor covered his eyes. The wolf squinted at the paper.
			"Okay... there's a circle, then a square, then a triangle." he relayed.
			Connor chuckled. "Circle, square, triangle."
			Ivan looked at the pair, shocked.
			"This... this was meant to be a simple shootout, you know." he shook his head.
			"Says the man who got filled with lead." Connor quipped.
			Ivan laughed, jovially this time. "In my defence, tovarishch, I'm used to killing *men,* not mutants."
			"No shit. You couldn't even kill me with a sniper rifle." Connor grinned. "Speaking of... the bullets they were using, they just broke the skin. I dug 'em out without any trouble. So... how the hell did your bullets punch through me like that?"
			Ivan reached into his ammo bag, revealing his sniper rounds - with onyx-black tips.
			"Carbon plating." he began. "Hard as diamond - don't fuck with Isabella. I'd hoped it'd cripple you, and we'd be able to capture you and try to deprogram. Empty your head of any chush sobach'ya."
			"Why didn't you use that earlier?"
			"Most of these... things... they're not as tough as you. Tough, sure, but you... you are to them what they are to us." Ivan explained. "Well... not *us.*" he sighed, looking down at himself. "And, these bullets are expensive, you know."
			Connor chuckled grimly. "Hope I was worth the expense."
			Ivan looked in the mirror, and then down at his hands. He made a fist, feeling his own strength.
			"By the way... can the KGB falsify pet ownership documents?" Connor cut in.
			"We can falsify entire government agencies." Ivan grinned. "I'll send you the paperwork. We'll make a cover story - say the wolf is just a big dog who you adopted from a shelter."
			"What does that mean?" the wolf tilted his head.
			"I'll explain later." Connor replied.
			"Listen... can you drop me off at my safehouse? We'll catch up soon." Ivan asked.
			Connor nodded, and drove them to Ivan's place.
			They pulled up. Ivan woke up from his little power-nap, and nodded.
			"Nice work today, tovarishch. We make a good team."
			"Next time we meet, try not to shoot me, aye?" Connor snarked. Ivan chuckled.
			"By the way..." Connor continued, pulling out the serrated knife used by the Agent's leader. "Got you a present."
			"Oh, chyort! Don't tell Isabella." Ivan laughed, taking the blade. He turned it to look, the glimmer of the edge reflecting in his eyes. It had a distinctive pattern, like flowing water.
			"It's a beautiful knife, no question." he noted. "Definitely deserves an owner who's not a fascist."
			"One of them got me in the gut with it. Hurt pretty badly - almost as bad as your bullets." Connor shrugged.
			"Da - look at the patterns." Ivan pointed. "It's a derivative of Wootz steel. The patterns are from the carbide within - see how it flows? An old comrade of mine in OKB-4 was working on something similar - it'll outperform any steels on the market. Ideal for slicing up mutants."
			"Didn't know KGB snipers were into metallurgy." Connor quipped.
			"I'm not. I'm into knives." Ivan winked, sheathing the blade.
			Connor grinned, as Ivan left the car.

			After that, he drove back to his own place. He and the wolf went inside.
			"So, this is our place - it's a bit of a mess at the moment, but--"
			"Oh wow!" the wolf said. "This place is so cool! Lots of smells, there's food here - and no syringes or chains in sight!"
			"Haha, yeah, this is a chain-free zone." Connor smiled.
			The wolf grinned, then trotted over to the front door, and cocked his leg.
			"Whoa, wait!" Connor frantically cut in. "Do you need the toilet?"
			"Oh, no I'm okay!" he replied nonchalantly. "I was just going to mark our den, in case the bad men come for us again." 
			At that, Connor chuckled. "Don't worry - you don't have to do that... I'm Connor, by the way."
			"I'm me!" the wolf replied, wagging his tail.
			"Do you have a name?"
			"What's a 'name?'"
			Connor chuckled. "It's a word we use to identify each other. My name is Connor."
			"The bad men called all sorts of things. Fenrir, number 6... I don't know what that means."
			"Where did you learn English?"
			"I just figured it out, I suppose. I heard them talking and eventually figured out what their words mean. But when I'd talk to them, they never learned. Maybe they just didn't care."
			"...so, you still talk in barks and growls--but I can understand you for some reason." Connor said unsurely.
			"Maybe we're brothers?" the wolf asked, wagging his tail again.
			"Haha, that's...honestly, that's better than anything I've come up with." Connor chuckled.
			"You sound different, too." the wolf noted. "Sometimes you use words I've never heard before, like those shapes you mentioned earlier. But I somehow knew what you meant."
			Connor shrugged. "So for some reason, we can always tell what the other one is saying."
			He paused. "You don't hear me barking, do you?"
			"No." the wolf shook his head. "I hear you speaking English. But it sounds clearer than most people."
			"Add it to the list of confusing bits..." Connor grinned. "So, you can sleep on the sofa-bed here - it's not the comfiest, but--"
			"Wow, my own bed!" he exclaimed, jumping up and making himself comfortable. "This is so comfy! Much better than the cage."
			Connor smiled. "And if you need to go toilet, just let me know."
			"Okay, will do!" the wolf replied happily.
			"We, um... We'll talk more about what happened later. For now, let's just relax... get some rest."
			"Okay! What's relaxing like?"
			"Hah, it's where we sit on this sofa and do nothing." Connor chuckled. "...Hey, I'm gonna put the telly on, if you're okay with that?"
			"What's a telly?"
			"It's--you'll see." Connor replied, putting on the television. Spartacus, the Kirk Douglas movie, was playing.
			"Ahh! Where did that man come from?!" he barked, startled. "Go away! Leave us alone!"
			"Oh, no no it's okay! They're not really here, the telly just shows us things - like a window."
			"...I never had windows." he said sadly. Then he looked at the television and smiled. "But I do now!"
			The two watched the movie.

			"Slaves you were, and slaves you remain! The terrible penalty of crucifixion has been set aside, on the single condition that you identify the body, or the living person, of the slave called Spartacus!"
			The revolting gladiators held their collective breath. Connor and the wolf leaned in, watching the scene closely.
			Then, Spartacus stood - as did the men to his sides.
			"I'm Spartacus!" they roared in unison.
			Before long, the entire army was screaming the same.
			"I'm Spartacus!" "I'm Spartacus!" "I'm Spartacus!"

			"What does that mean?" the wolf asked.
			"Well, there's loads of interpretations there - but I like to think, they're all saying 'Spartacus isn't one man. He's an idea, one of freedom and liberation. You can hurt us and kill us, but we'll still be Spartacus.'"
			The wolf paused for a moment. "I'm Spartacus." he said to himself.
			"Hey..." Connor began, "I know you didn't like the name the bad guys gave you... do you like the name Spartacus?"
			"Me? Yes! I love it! I have a name!" he replied, wagging his tail.
			"Spartacus." Connor smiled. "Sparky for short!"
			"Yes! I love it, I love it!" Sparky nodded happily.

			Across the city, in a safehouse, sat Ivan. His superior, Morozov, stood. Ivan was bandaged, but almost fully healed.
			"[Report.]" Morozov said in Russian.
			"[Sir. The mission was a success. Connor - the escaped subject - turned out to have resisted their programming, so I brought him along to the laboratory. Connor and I were able to kill all enemy operatives, and Connor secured their cargo.]"
			"[Describe the cargo.]"
			"[A... A wolf. Connor claims he can communicate with it.]" Ivan explained.
			Morozov thought for a moment.
			"[You will continue your placement here.]"
			"[But... Sir, I can still fight. The Motherland needs--]"
			"Ivan." Morozov cut him off. "[These... conspirators. We have seen evidence that they are arming the traitors in the Motherland. Dig deeper, use this Connor, and find them. Those are your orders.]"
			Ivan nodded. "[Long live the Soviet Union.]"
			"[On with the Red Dawn.]" Morozov saluted.

		I am Spartacus
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The movie came to a close. Connor pulled out the laptop he'd swiped from the warehouse, and opened the lid.
			"The bad men were using that." Sparky began, recoiling slightly. "Every time they hurt me, they would open it and start hitting it with their fingers."
			Connor looked at him sadly. "I'm sorry, buddy. Don't worry, it's not going to hurt you. I'm guessing, they wrote up what they did to you on this."
			"Wrote up?"
			"Yeah. We humans, we... if we're not near another person, we can't speak to them. And sometimes we'll forget things, even if we say them out loud. So, to fix that, we make special drawings and markings that have meanings. Then, other humans can look at this - that's called 'reading' - and hear what we have to say through it."
			"Wow!" Sparky smiled, amazed. "Can I learn 'reading'?"
			"Sure!" Connor beamed. "I'll start teaching you. But for now, I wanna get into this laptop - see what they'd written down."
			He pulled out his trusty USB drive, and rebooted the laptop. It logged into a hacked OS, from which he gained access to the hard drive's files.
			"Okay... junk... junk... junk... more junk... there!" he said to himself, finding a folder marked "PROJECT FENRIR" - and viewing the text files within.
			"What did you find?" Sparky asked, head tilted.
			"Looks like some notes, buddy. About the things they did to you. It... I'm thinking it'll help me figure out what they're up to."
			He read through the files. He saw reports on durability - obtained by subjecting Sparky to increasing physical torture. Sparky placed his head on Connor's lap, looking at the screen. He couldn't make any sense of it, but he enjoyed watching Connor read.
			"Okay, first off - we've got some basic information. Says here your official designation is 'Fenrir 6.'"
			"Six. That's what they called me all the time." Sparky nodded.
			"And it says you were born on the 3rd of March, this year. That makes you 7 months old."
			"What's a 'months'?"
			Connor paused for a second. "You know what a day is, right?"
			"More or less! It was hard to keep track in the lab, but when they had us in the pens, I heard them mention 'daytime' every so often. That's when the big light is in the sky, right?"
			Connor nodded encouragingly. "Well, a month is about 30 days, give-or-take."
			"Is that important?"
			"You're young." Connor began, smiling softly. "You've got a hell of a lot of growing to do. But you're already very tough for your age. Mature, too. I know dogs age quicker than humans, but..."
			"How old are you?" Sparky tilted his head.
			"I'm 19. 19 years. A year is 12 months, by the way."
			"Wow." Sparky looked up, amazed. "Are all humans as old as you?"
			"Most are older." Connor chuckled. "Wolves are fully grown by 2 years old, but most of the growth is done by 1. I'd say you're about three quarters grown. Anyway, it says here you were nursed by a mutt. Do you remember that?"
			"What's a mutt?"
			Connor answered by pulling up a photo.
			"Mum!" Sparky barked in excitement, licking the screen. "Where have you been?! Why did you leave me?! I missed you!"
			"Hey, buddy..." Connor sighed painfully. "I'm sorry, it's not her. It's just a drawing of her - like on the telly."
			"Oh..." Sparky said, his ears drooping down. He became visibly depressed. Connor stroked his head, and he perked up slightly.
			"Can you tell me about her?"
			"She's my mum, I think. But she looked very different to the other wolves. My earliest memories are of her cleaning me as a pup." Sparky explained fondly, allowing the memories to wash over him.
			"It says she'd recently given birth, so they had her nurse you." Connor noted. "Apparently, your real---I mean, the wolf that gave birth to you... she died when you were born. Hm."
			"What do you mean?"
			Connor paused, trying to be delicate with his wording. "The, um... When you were born, it was from another wolf. And it looks like she died while giving birth to you. Obviously, you needed a mum to look after you, so they brought in your mum here."
			"What's on your mind?" Sparky tilted his head.
			"A coincidence, that's all." Connor shrugged. "My mum died when she gave birth to me, too."
			"Were you raised by... what was the word... a mutt?"
			Connor chuckled softly. "No, not quite. I was raised by other humans, sadly."
			"I must be special, then." Sparky beamed. Connor smiled.
			"Anyway, it says here that her pups were..." he read, only to stop.
			"Her pups were what?"
			"Put down." Connor said sadly. "They killed her pups so she'd focus her motherly instincts on you."
			Sparky looked down, saddened. "So, I had even more brothers and sisters out there, and they killed them as well?"
			"As well?"
			"After mum left." Sparky explained. "They put me in a pen with other wolves. Ones that looked like me, not her."
			"Were they like you? Could they speak?" Connor asked.
			"Only one other. She and I could talk as much as we wanted - but the others couldn't talk to us. She told me her mum looked different to the wolves too - so she must have been raised by a 'mutt' as well."
			"Where is she now?"
			"I have no idea." Sparky admitted. "They... there was a horrible man. He was called 'The Commandant.'"
			"Commandant?!" Connor jumped, flinching at the name.
			"He hurt you too?" Sparky asked.
			"Yeah, he... he's the bastard that shot me. Brought me in."
			"He did horrid things to me, too." Sparky shuddered. "I think they were training me and her to be good at fighting. We had to kill people - they were like the men who attacked us earlier."
			"So, you've been killing Super-Agents since you were young?" Connor asked, confused. "Were you born with your powers?"
			"...no, I was weak as a pup. " Sparky thought for a moment before continuing. "I remember the bad men took me and hurt me with needles and knives and lightning. I got stronger. I remember it."
			"...I'm sorry, buddy." Connor began. "I don't remember much about what happened to me, but needles were involved. And that syringe made Ivan like us, too. These fellas... they have some kind of drug, or virus or whatever, that when injected, probably kills most people - hence why they tested it on wolves first, and then... I don't know, I'm a lot stronger than most of them, maybe they... I reckon they wanted to see how high a dose they could give someone before they die, and it went horribly right with me."
			"It could be that." Sparky replied. "It makes sense to me. Those men always enjoyed hurting me to see how hard I could take it. They clearly like doing that."
			Connor stroked him sadly. "Could you speak, before you got your powers?"
			"I don't know." he shrugged. "I didn't meet my 'sister' until after I'd gotten them, and the humans never seemed to think they could hear me."
			"Even Ivan couldn't..." Connor noted. "There's something different about us, specifically. It's not enough to be a Super-Agent - there's something else. Anyway... we were talking about the other wolves?"
			"I..." Sparky began sadly. "The Commandant took me on a mission with him. He said I was ready. He wanted me to kill some people. I killed a few of them - they had guns, just like the Super-Agents. He killed some people too, including a man without a gun. But then... there was a human-pup."
			"A child?"
			"Yes, that's it. He told me to kill the child. Said it was my 'final test.' I couldn't do it, so I attacked him instead."
			"What happened then?"
			"The child managed to escape while we were fighting. But the Commandant... he's strong. Stronger than any Super-Agent I've ever met. Even the tough one earlier - he was like a pup compared to the Commandant. I got beaten, badly."
			Connor gave a sympathetic look, and stroked Sparky's ears. He took the moment to enjoy the attention, before continuing.
			"After he finished hurting me, he put me in chains and brought me home. My 'sister' wasn't there, only the other wolves. He made... he made me watch, while he... while he killed them."
			Rage flashed behind Sparky's eyes. Flashes of this rage, this pain - they shot into Connor's mind too. The psychic bond between the pair felt a little stronger.
			"I'm so sorry." he said softly. "You didn't deserve that."
			Sparky looked up, his eyes glistening slightly.
			"You didn't deserve that." Connor repeated, his own voice trembling from the sadness and pain.
			He checked the files again. "It says here... 'Of the 358 wolves included in the Fenrir project, only two survived and displayed traits consistent with Progeny mutations. These were subjects 6 and 217."
			"217! That's what they called her!" Sparky said, perking up slightly. "Does it say where she is now?"
			"Um..." Connor looked through the file. "No, sorry bud. But we'll find her, okay? As soon as we learn where she is, we'll rescue her, too."
			"Thank you." Sparky said, licking Connor in gratitude. "We'll find her, and we'll bring her to live with us, and we'll give her a name, too."
			Connor smiled. "I'm no expert on wolf psychology, but... you're remarkably well-adjusted for someone who was raised in captivity."
			Sparky looked away, wistfully. "This isn't the first time I escaped." he began.
			Connor leaned in, intent on listening.
			"Me and 217 - one day, we escaped the pens they were holding us in. We were free for many days. We hunted deer, and spoke to each other, and kept each other warm..."
			"You had a chance to be a normal wolf." Connor nodded.
			"Exactly. And I had all my other brothers and sisters - the ones who couldn't talk - with me back in the pens, anyway."
			Connor smiled softly, then yawned. He felt his stomach growl, and so did Sparky's.
			"You hungry?" he asked.
			"I'm starving! Can we have some food? Please? Now?!" Sparky begged, mouth watering.
			"Haha, of course! Wait there." Connor grinned, before microwaving a pair of ready meals. He put the one for Sparky onto a plate, and placed it onto the ground. Before he could even sit down to eat his, Sparky had greedily devoured the meal.
			Connor smiled warmly, and began eating. Then, he felt a paw nudge his thigh.
			"What's up?"
			"Can I have some of yours, please?" Sparky asked. His pupils seemed to dilate, making him look surprisingly cute for a massive black mutant canine killing-machine.
			"You've just had some food."
			"I know, but can I have some of yours?"
			"No, Sparky. You've had food - this is mine."
			"Oh, okay." he said, faux-depressed.
			Connor chuckled fondly. "My old dog, Stella - she stole my food right out of my lap once. So at least the wolf is more tame."
			Sparky grinned. "My mum would nip me on the scruff as a pup if I tried to eat her food. She taught me to eat my own, and not to steal."
			Connor smiled warmly. "She taught you well."
			"Exactly. I'm being really good right now."
			A pause.
			"Which means... maybe... just maybe... I deserve some of your food?"
			Connor looked down, and his gaze was met by adorable puppy-eyes. He sighed, grinned, and gave Sparky a small chunk of food, which vanished in an instant.
			"Don't make a habit of this."
			"Can I have another?"
			"No."
			Connor finished his, then made Sparky a bodybuilder's shake.
			"Here - try this." he said, pouring it into a bowl.
			Sparky virtually inhaled it, then smiled.
			"I like that! Can I please have another?"
			Connor grinned, then made them both a shake each.
			"Now, that's enough for tonight." he said semi-firmly.
			"Okay. Can we have food tomorrow, please?" Sparky asked innocently.
			"Wha--Of course!" Connor nodded quickly, before guiltily realising Sparky's begging didn't come from greed. "Look, if you're ever genuinely hungry and not just being greedy, just tell me, and I'll get you food, okay?"
			"Okay! Thanks, Connor!" Sparky smiled warmly.
			Connor reached down and stroked him, before yawning.
			"We'd better get some rest. I don't know about you, but I'm knackered." he grinned.
			"Do I have to sleep in a cage?" Sparky asked, trembling slightly.
			"No way." Connor shook his head firmly. "You can sleep wherever you want."
			"Can I sleep next to you?"
			"Of course."
			He put down the laptop, and curled up on the sofa, next to his new packmate. The pair drifted into unconsciousness.

		Fenrir files

	In Sheep's Clothing
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			It was mid-2012. Chloe and Bea were at school, walking away from their last lesson of the day.
			Chloe's hair was unkempt, hiding her face. Her cheek was unscarred.
			As they walked, a group of girls walked past and laughed.
			"Freak show!" one of them jeered.
			"Piss off!" Bea snapped back.
			"What did you just say, freak?" the girl asked, approaching menacingly.
			"L-l-leave us alone!" Chloe stuttered.
			"L-l-l-l." the girl mocked.
			Bea stepped forwards, scowling. "Piss. Off."
			"Whatever. Freaks!" the girl spat, storming off.
			Bea sighed. "I hate this school."
			"M-me too." Chloe nodded sadly.
			"I've gotta go..." Bea smiled, noticing her mother's car. "I'll see you tomorrow, yeah?"
			"O-o-okay." Chloe said, smiling back.
			She walked on. A sixth-former drove up past her.
			"Hey there! Need a lift?" he asked.
			"Oh, um, I-I'm not sure I-I'm s-supposed to..." she said, worried.
			"Oh, don't worry!" he replied. "I'll drop you right off at your place."
			Chloe thought for a moment. "What will my mother think?"
			But then, decided her mother's approval was worthless.
			"O-okay then." she nodded, entering the car.
			"What's your name?" he asked.
			"C-Chloe." she replied.
			"I'm Francis." he said, smiling.

			Back in the present day, Chloe was sat in front of her mirror. She touched her scar, and sighed sadly.

		Francis intro
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Gentlemen." the Commandant began.
			"What have the events in Drackhill cost us?!" one old man roared. His face, like the others present, was partially obscured by the room's shadows.
			The Commandant sighed, and rubbed his temples. He looked down the massive oakwood table, and try as he might, he could not shake the image of murdering everyone present.
			"Commandant!" the man at the head of the table barked.
			"Apologies, sir." he said. "The loss of Subject 6--"
			"Due to YOUR incompetance!" another old rich man screamed.
			"Daniel..." the chairman said softly, raising his hand. His fellow cabalite relaxed slightly.
			"Proceed, Commandant."
			"Thank you, Lord Oxford." the Commandant nodded. "As I was saying, the loss of Subject 6 has negatively impacted serum production. However, the amount harvested from Barrett has allowed us to create a meaningful stockpile."
			"How are you planning on killing Barrett?" one man asked.
			"We have a number of--"
			"Answer the question!"
			The Commandant snarled animalistically in response, making the man go pale.
			Oxford stood up from his seat. He stepped into the light, revealing himself. His grey slicked-back hair and cropped beard gave him an air of elegance, and his voice was almost comically aristocratic - as if sentence should end in "Peasant." His eyes sat behind his glasses - they were a brown so pale as to be almost yellow.
			"Do that again, George." he said softly.
			"S-sir, I--"
			"I SAID *DO THAT AGAIN!*" he screamed. His eyes flashed a brilliant violet.
			The Commandant quickly cleared his throat. "My apologies, sir. If I may continue?"
			Oxford sat back down, satisfied. "Proceed. What are your plans on dealing with Barrett?"
			"We have a number of active plans we are developing, sir. Project Crusader is currently underway, and we will test it as soon as possible. We also hope to use what we still have of Project Fenrir to engage in psychological warfare."
			"Why don't you just kill him yourself?" another man chimed in.
			"That is certainly an option." the Commandant nodded grimly.
			"No." Oxford cut in. "It is not. A fight between you two, in the middle of the city... it hardly bears thinking about. You will keep out of Drackhill. Ideally, we can keep him distracted while our other plans go ahead unimpeded."
			"Sir, with respect..." the Commandant began. "We're bleeding operatives by doing that--"
			Oxford's eyes flashed violet again, and the Commandant began to choke, as though an invisible hand was squeezing his throat.
			"The last time I checked, George - you were under orders to leave him and the other children alone. This is *your* fuck-up. So *your* department will pay the price."
			The Commandant desperately nodded, and Oxford released the intangible grip.
			"Well then, that will be all. Good night, everybody." Oxford said chipperly.
			The board members left, as the Commandant caught his breath.

		Conspiracy reacts
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was like another world.
			Connor and Sparky were rushing through fields together. Sparky leapt into the air and caught a tennis ball. Connor laughed, and cheered. Stella, his old, long-dead Staffy, was rushing around with them, as though she was a puppy again. Vince, Amy, and Trey all stood nearby, cheering. A number of young wolves revealed themselves from the long grass, playing with each other. Sparky's adoptive mother - a brown mutt - plodded over, and licked him warmly.
			Then, a horrid crashing noise pierced their minds, which rapidly turned into a gentle fumbling. Connor opened his eyes, and through his super-vision saw Amy struggling with the lock, still drunk. It was the early hours of the morning.
			Sparky shot up, confused.
			"Who's that?" he asked, trembling.
			"Oh, sorry. That's Amy, she's... part of our pack."
			"Oh, okay! Can I say hi?"
			"...let me do the talking first, buddy." Connor smiled. "That is, whenever she manages to open that door."
			"I had a good dream." Sparky smiled warmly.
			"Hah, me too! Me and you were rushing through some fields together. My old dog Stella was there--"
			"--and so were some other humans, too! And my mum!" Sparky finished.
			Connor pulled his head back. "You... Did we have the exact same dream?"
			"Is that not normal?" Sparky asked.
			"Not to my knowledge. Though I must say, Stella couldn't tell me." Connor grinned, before pausing. "When I stroked your head in the labs, I saw some flashes... That must be why I can understand you, too. Some kind of... I dunno, telepathy? That's why we shared a dream - we were touching in our sleep. That's why your siblings were there - they came from your memories, while Stella and the others came from mine."
			"Me and 217 had the same thing." Sparky nodded. "Whenever we were curled up together, we would have the same dream."
			Connor stroked his chin, deep in thought. His pondering was interrupted by an excitable yip.
			"I've never been to a field like that before! I guess it must have come from your memories."
			Connor smiled. "Yeah, I recognised the field. It's not far from here."
			Finally, Amy managed to get the door open.
			"Ugh... fuckin... fuckin door..." she slurred.
			"Hey, sis." he chuckled. She turned, and spotted him - and immediately ignored him.
			"Oh my GOD! Who's this fella?!" she squeed, rushing over.
			"Hi!" he barked. "I'm Sparky! You're part of my pack, right?"
			"Hey, buddy!" she cooed. "What are you doing here?"
			"I, uh... I found him last night." Connor cut in awkwardly. "While I was out. The, uh... the Patriots, they were abusing him."
			"Patriots?" Sparky tilted his head.
			"Poor baby!" Amy said, hugging him. "He's so well behaved, though! Aww... What's his name?"
			Connor smiled. "I've named him Sparky. Uh... short for Spartacus."
			"Fuckin' nerd." Amy grinned. She looked down, and beamed. Hi, Sparky! I'm Amy."
			"Hi!" he yipped back.
			"Aww... chatty pup, isn't he? Anyway, what are you gonna do with him?"
			"I, uh..." Connor paused, trying to figure out the words. "I'm gonna keep him here."
			She looked up, and cocked an eyebrow. "Here? In the flat?"
			"Yeah. Well, I... He's not got anywhere else to go."
			Amy sighed, and looked down at him.
			"Connor... he, um... he's not just a husky - you can tell by the shape of the snout. I think he might be a wolf. Or at least, wolfdog."
			"Alright, little miss 'I did zoology in college.'" Connor snarked. She chuckled, and they both crouched down to Sparky's level.
			"Amy..." he began. "He's been badly treated. And you said it yourself, he's part wolf. Which means no shelter would take him. Most zoos would be hesitant. Come on, we can't send him away."
			She rubbed her eyes, conflicted. "I know, but... he's gonna have... 'needs,' Connor. Doubly so if he's been abused."
			"I'll deal with that." he said hurriedly. "I'll take him on walks, I'll feed him, all of it. Besides, you have no idea how obedient he is."
			"He's a wolf. He's not gonna listen to you on a walk. He'd probably end up eating a chihuahua." she sighed.
			Connor grinned, and looked Sparky in the eye, giving him a knowing wink. "Sparky - roll over, then bark, then lie down, then jump."
			Sparky immediately ran through the tricks, to Amy's amazement.
			"Now, come to my heel." he nodded.
			Sparky walked over obediently, sitting by Connor's side.
			"Holy shit..." she gasped.
			"See? He's clever. And he listens. And if anything goes wrong, I'll take full responsibility. Please, can we just keep him?"
			Sparky's pupils dilated as he bore his gaze into Amy's eyes. She tried to refuse, but fell apart in an instant.
			"...Okay, fine." she finally nodded, grinning.
			"Thank you, thank you! You're the best sister ever!" Connor beamed, hugging her.
			"Yeah, yeah, fuck off with the mushy shit." she laughed, pushing him off. "It'd be nice to have a dog again... even if said 'dog' is a wolf. Just... keep an eye on him."
			Connor smiled, and Sparky began licking her in the face. She stroked his mane happily, and nuzzled him.
			"So I get to stay?" he asked.
			"Yeah, you're gonna stay with us." Connor answered, trying to avoid sounding like he was *actually* talking to him. Oblivious, Amy smiled warmly.
			"I'm only agreeing because I'm drunk." she laughed. "Anyway, I'm gonna go to bed. I've got work in... fuck. Four hours."
			Connor chuckled. "See you later."
			"Oh, and it's my turn to cuddle him." she grinned.
			Sparky shrugged. "Don't humans all sleep together?"
			Connor covertly shook his head. Sparky smiled, and trotted into her room with her.

		Amy meets Sparky
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Morning came, and Connor awoke to a knocking on his door. He stretched, feeling his joints click, before he opened it.
			"Morning, dipshit." Amy grinned.
			"'Good morning, dearest brother. I hope you slept well.'" Connor snarked. "That's how it's supposed to go."
			"Choke on a dick." she laughed. "I'm going off to work now. You're not busy today?"
			"Nah, I'm free until the evening." he shrugged. "I'll take Sparky for a walk."
			"Nice one." she smiled. "He's so warm... I call dibs on him at night."
			"We take turns." Connor said, faux-firmly. She laughed.
			"He's still sleeping on my bed, the little lazy-bones." she shrugged. "Anyway, no time for chit-chat. What time you getting back tonight?"
			"Not too late, I imagine." he smiled. "Still, don't wait up."
			She nodded, somewhat sadly. "I'm on a split shift tonight, anyway. Raj's in the morning, tattoos in the evening."
			"God, the tattoo parlour being open at night is downright immoral." Connor grinned.
			"I'm just glad I'm not working Halloween..." she smirked. "The amount of drunkards who'll be coming in, asking for skulls..."
			Connor laughed, heading to the kitchen, as Amy headed out. He grabbed a drink from the fridge, sat down, and checked his phone. He saw a text from Chloe.

			"Hey! Hope you had a good weekend! Sorry I didn't message sooner, uni's been hectic, aha. How are you?"
			He smiled, and replied "Heya, i'm good!! That's okay, work's been busy for me too haha. Do you wanna meet up today if you're free? If not that's cool :) Quick question - how are you with dogs?"
			Chloe replied quickly - betraying how keen she was. "Omg, I love dogs! Where is this going? :D"
			Connor chuckled and replied "I may or may not have got a dog recently - wanna go for a dog walk?"
			Before Connor could even walk from the sofa to the bathroom, she replied with "OMG YES YES YES" ...followed up by "Where did you want to go?"
			He could almost hear Chloe clearing her throat, and almost see her blushing there. He chuckled, and replied "Meet us in Wyrmrock Park at 11am?"
			"Sure! Where's best to meet there? Sorry, never been XD" she texted back.
			Connor smiled. "If you get the bus from Caldermouth, it'll drop you off right by the lake centre - we'll meet you there :)"
			He went into Amy's room, and woke Sparky up. He was greeted by several licks.
			"Morning, Connor!" he smiled. "Where did Amy go?"
			"Haha, morning buddy." he beamed. "She's gone to work."
			"What's 'work'?"
			"Something humans do - it's very boring, but it's how we get money."
			"What's 'money'?"
			Connor smiled. "It's how we get food."
			"Oh!" Sparky barked excitedly. "We'd better go to 'work' then! I want food!"
			Connor laughed. "I have a feeling Ivan will have plenty of work for us soon. Anyway - remember the park you saw in my--our--dreams?"
			He nodded.
			"Shall we go there? A friend of mine wants to meet us there. Plus, you can smell it in real life, too!"
			"Oooh, yes yes yes! I want to chase squirrels, and bark at ducks, and swim, and play fetch, and--"
			"Haha, good to hear! Before we go, you're going to have to wear a collar and lead - are you okay with that?"
			"Oh... I don't know... they used to put things on me that hurt me when I was bad..." Sparky said, his ears and tail flopping down.
			"Oh no, no shock collars! Just a regular collar so no one thinks you're a wild wolf - I promise, I'll let you off lead as soon as we're at the park!"
			"Oooh, okay good! I'm ready!" Sparky said, his cheerful demeanour returning.
			"Just one thing - and this is very important. My old dog Stella's recall was awful - if I let you off lead, you have to come back to me when I call you, okay? I promise I'll only call you back if it's for the best."
			"Okay, that's okay!" Sparky replied, clearly happy to be given any freedom at all.
			"And remember." Connor began. "I know you're... well, you're probably used to other people being bad to you. But don't worry - there is no one bad at this place, and if anyone bad arrives, I will tell you."
			"Got it." Sparky smiled. "Don't maul random people."
			Connor laughed. "Exactly."

			The pair headed to the park, and Connor saw Chloe sat on a bench. She was wearing a padded jacket and thermal leggings.
			He self-consciously zipped up his hoodie, realising that he simply didn't feel the cold as much anymore. He wondered if that was another mutation of his - but banished the thought.
			"Oh my god, hi!" Chloe said, running over to them. She gave Connor a hug, and he awkwardly put his arm around her.
			"Oh, sorry, are you not--" she began.
			"It's okay." he smiled. "I just never know where to put my arms."
			She seemed relieved, then looked at Sparky.
			"And who's this handsome man?! Hello!" she said, and Sparky smiled.
			"Hi! I'm Sparky! Do you want to be my friend?"
			"Aww, he's a vocal one, eh?" she smiled, clearly unfazed by his barking. Connor breathed a sigh of relief - glad she couldn't hear him speaking.
			"Haha, this is Sparky!" he smiled. "Sparky, this is Chloe."
			Chloe knelt down, and stroked Sparky's ears. "Hi, Sparky!"
			Sparky sniffed her face, and licked her. "Hello! You smell nice!"
			"Haha, hi!" she replied, giggling.
			The trio headed on for their walk.
			"By the way, I've been meaning to ask - how's uni going?" Connor inquired.
			"Really well!" Chloe smiled. "I'm settling in nicely. But... Well, I'm getting a little impostor syndrome."
			"How so?"
			"Well, everyone keeps telling me I'm doing really well, and I just... I don't feel like I'm good enough. So, I'm worried that eventually they're gonna find out that I'm not good enough, and, well..." she trailed off, feeling shy.
			"Hey." Connor replied, his voice caring but firm. "You're definitely good at what you do. You managed to break down the most complicated stuff I've ever heard, and explain it in terms that I, an eejit, could grasp."
			Chloe smiled shyly. "You mean that?"
			"I rave about lipids all the time now." Connor grinned.
			Chloe chuckled. "Well, thanks for the vote of confidence."
			"I'm serious, Chloe. You know your stuff."
			"Thank you... That means a lot." she smiled.
			"So, what kind of stuff do you get up to?" he asked.
			"Oh, this and that. Mainly, I've been working on medical studies. We're looking at these things called Hox genes. They're..." she trailed off. "Ah, I'm rambling."
			"I'd like to hear it?" Connor asked, smiling comfortingly.
			Chloe relaxed, smiling. "Well, there are these genes called Homebox genes, or Hox genes for short. They tell the body where organs and limbs should grow. They're really old, and haven't changed much over the years - you put the Hox gene for 'put leg here' from a human into the genes of a fruit fly, and it'll work just fine."
			"Whoa..." Connor replied, fascinated.
			"Yeah! And they're dormant in adult humans, but active in some animals like salamanders and axolotls. We believe they're used to allow these creaturs to regrow their limbs."
			Connor's eyes widened. "So, if you reactivate them, you can regrow limbs?"
			"Kind of!" she smiled. "It's not as simple as just 'switching on' a gene, though. The biological pathways are incredibly complex. There are mechanisms that would need to be unlocked at the cellular level - growth factors, stem cell activation, and even reprogramming cells to take on functions they don't typically perform in adulthood. But... we're starting to make headway in understanding how we might trigger those pathways."
			"Sounds amazing. I mean... Regrowing limbs..." Connor pondered. He wondered if he could do that, but banished the thought.
			"I know! It's really cool. I, um... I made a bit of a breakthrough." she admitted.
			"Do tell?" Connor asked, intrigued.
			"Well, I... I found a way to reactivate them in ants. It's only a small step, and it's really hard to implement long-term - the poor things started growing more limbs than the usual 6. But it's still a step forward!" she explained, beaming.
			"Damn! I mean, switching it on at all sounds impressive. And, you said the Hox genes are old - so what switches them on in ants probably works for us too, right?"
			"Exactly!" Chloe nodded. "The tricky part is figuring out how to control it. The genes need to switch off again once the limb's grown, or we'll end up with, I don't know, extra fingers or something."
			"Yeah, that'd be... a problem." Connor laughed, but there was a slight edge to his voice. Note to self - try not to lose any limbs.
			"Right? And then there's the bigger question of... well, what if we reactivate them in humans? We don't know what else they could do - maybe it's just limbs, maybe it's organs. The body does switch them off once we reach adulthood, so there's got to be a way to just get it to do that again, without it getting out of hand. But... it's tricky."
			As they were walking, Sparky spotted a squirrel, and began to chase it.
			"Hey! Sparky! Don't do that!" Connor shouted, chasing after him.
			"It's food!" Sparky shouted back.
			"No! No food!" Connor replied, panicked and embarrassed.
			Sparky paused, and turned to face Connor, head tilted. The squirrel used the opportunity to rush up the tree.
			"No food. Not for eating." Connor shook his head, trying to avoid looking like he was *actually* communicating with his dog. Chloe giggled, bemused.
			Sparky turned back, looking disappointed, but accepted and headed to the pair.
			"Good boy!" Connor praised. With that, Sparky regained his cheerful demeanour.
			"Oh, okay! I thought I was in trouble!"
			"Oh no, you're not in trouble!" Connor beamed. "Good boy for coming back there."
			"You're really good with him, Connor. I'm impressed." Chloe smiled. She paused, watching them, a soft warmth in her eyes. 
			"I have a dog at home, Luna. She's not as big as Sparky, but I remember how protective she was over me. She used to bark at every delivery guy. You'd think they were coming to rob us or something."
			She smiled at the memory, a soft chuckle escaping her. "I guess I always liked that about dogs. They have this loyalty that's kind of... magical."
			"Hah, too right. My old staffy, Stella - she was a real one. One time, I remember she-"
			As he said this, a dachshund came running over to Sparky, barking and snarling. Connor ran over.
			"Sparky, it's okay. Hey, can you get your dog please?" he said to the owner.
			"It's fine, he's only little!" the owner replied, carelessly.
			Sparky let out a ferocious roar, causing the dachshund to run crying to the owner.
			"Get that thing on a muzzle!" the owner screamed, running away.
			Sparky huffed, and ran off.
			"Sparky, come back!" Connor called out.
			Sparky didn't listen. He rushed away into the woods, his eyes watering.

		Walk in the park
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor and Chloe chased him to a creek, where he was sitting quietly. Connor approached and sat next to him.
			"Hey bud." he began. "Don't worry, you were good."
			"I don't wanna wear a muzzle." Sparky said, fearfully.
			"I'd never put you in a muzzle." Connor reassured, putting his arm around him. "Every dog deserves a person but... well, not every person deserves a dog."
			"Why didn't the little one like me?" Sparky asked, whimpering.
			"I don't know." Connor replied. "Some dogs are just yappy wee shits. Personally, I think you were right to yell. And good boy for not biting it - my old staffy would have."
			"I didn't want to hurt it." Sparky whimpered.
			"I know. Good boy." Connor nodded, stroking Sparky's head. 
			Chloe watched from a distance, her heart warming at the sight of Connor comforting Sparky. She walked over, sitting down beside them with a gentle smile.
			"Bless him." she said, scratching behind Sparky's ears. "That little dog didn't know what it was missing."
			Sparky looked up at her, his tail wagging a bit faster. "You think so?"
			Chloe smiled warmly. "He's lucky to have you, Connor. And you're lucky to have him."
			Connor chuckled, looking at Sparky. "Yeah, I think I am."
			She sat with them, and pulled out some dog treats.
			"What are those?" Sparky asked, head tilted. He trotted over.
			"I think you'll like these." Connor grinned.
			"Does he know any tricks?" Chloe asked.
			"I haven't had a chance to see - but I suspect he'll figure them out quickly."
			"Sparky - can you sit for me?" she said. "Sit?"
			Sparky looked over at Connor. "She wants me to sit down?"
			"Go on, bud. Sit, and you'll get a treat." Connor explained, trying to avoid directly conversing with him.
			"Oh, I get it." Sparky smiled, and sat.
			"Good boy!" Chloe smiled, feeding him the treat. He greedily devoured it.
			Chloe held out another treat. "Can you give paw? Paw?"
			"Put my paw on hers?" Sparky asked. Connor nodded.
			Sparky gave his paw, and Chloe handed him the treat. "Good boy! Clever boy!"
			Connor smiled as Sparky scoffed the treat. "Very clever boy." he grinned.
			"How long have you had him?"
			"Just since yesterday. I... he's a rescue." Connor explained. He disliked lying, but it wasn't technically a lie. Still... it felt wrong.
			"Oh my god." Chloe gasped. "Well, thank god you took him in. Do you know how old he is? Or his breed?"
			Connor smiled. "He's 7 months old - he was born early March. As for his breed, it wasn't specified - but I reckon he's partly wolf."
			"I was thinking that." Chloe grinned. "He's remarkably intelligent. But, for a wolfdog... he seems so loyal."
			Connor shrugged. "I think he's clever enough to understand I have his best interests at heart."
			"Not just that. The little dog earlier - any wolf would've mauled it for that. But he just told it to stop, and took himself away. Not to mention he left that squirrel when told. I mean, obviously he doesn't speak English, but he could tell what you meant by 'no food.'"
			Connor chuckled nervously. "Yeah, he--he didn't know what that meant, of course."
			Internally, he screamed at his awkwardness. Sparky winked at him, enjoying the fun at his new packmate's expense.
			She paused, and smiled warmly. "I can tell you guys already have a strong bond."
			Connor smiled back. "Yeah. I know it's probably a bit irresponsible, adopting a wolfdog when I live in a flat - but I took one look at him, and I couldn't just leave him, you know?"
			"No, of course not." she replied, nodding firmly. "Besides, you live close enough to these fields - and as we saw, his self-control is something else."
			"Especially for a 7-month old wolfdog." Connor chuckled.
			She grinned. "He's already large, but... I'd wager he's going to grow even bigger."
			"I'm going to be bigger?" Sparky asked, smiling.
			Connor giggled, and stroked his ears. "You're gonna be massive, buddy. Big enough to ride on."
			"I can't wait." Sparky gleefully cheered.
			Chloe smiled warmly. "Did you learn anything about how he was treated?"
			"A little bit." Connor shrugged. "Enough to know that 'muzzle' is a trigger word for him." He whispered the word - it didn't stop Sparky from hearing it, but softening the pronounciation made it less scary, somehow.
			"Bless him." she said, stroking his ears. His tongue flopped out the side of his mouth, enjoying the attention.
			"His eyes are so expressive." Chloe smiled warmly. "Almost human-like."
			"Puppy dog eyes." Connor grinned. "He deployed them well, trying to get Amy to agree to let him stay with us."
			"Oh, you guys live together?" Chloe tilted her head.
			"Yeah. We go halves on rent." he shrugged.
			"Oh, that's cool." she nodded awkwardly. "So, um... you've been dating long?"
			Connor turned, grimacing. "Ew! No, she's my sister! She's also gay... but mostly, she's my sister! Eugh..." he shuddered.
			"Oh, God, I'm sorry!" Chloe blushed, wide-eyed.
			Connor burst out laughing. "Gonna take me a while to clear *that* out of my head..."
			At his laughter, she relaxed a little. "Sorry... completely misinterpreted it there."
			An awkward pause passed, before she spoke again.
			"So... sister?"
			"Foster-sister, more accurately." he nodded. "We met in care, and then my uncle Vince took us both in. Or, rather, he took me in, and I demanded she come too. Not that it took him much convincing."
			His mind flashed momentarily to their days in care, but he banished the thoughts.
			"That's quite sweet." Chloe smiled warmly. "And, come to think of it, she did mention having a foster-brother before. I just never connected the dots."
			"Welcome to the Barrett family. Where we're all dogshite at communicating." he laughed. She chuckled, glad to have cut the tension.

			"So, um..." she began, breaking the ice. "What do you do for work? I know you said you work in a garage, but, well - what's that like?"
			"Eh, it pays the bills." Connor shrugged. "I say 'garage' - repair shop is more accurate. We just mainly work with cars." he explained.
			"What else do you work on?"
			"Computers, appliances, bikes... pretty much anything. I mainly handle the technical side of things. Not just for the garage - my boss, Tommy, he has me working for a bunch of different clients."
			"Wow, that's pretty cool though!" Chloe smiled.
			"Hah, yeah, I suppose." he shrugged. An awkward silence filled the air.
			"Okay, Connor." he thought to himself. "Say something. Don't let the silence hang."
			To his surprise, Chloe spoke up.
			"So, um..." she began. "Do you like movies?"
			"'Do you like movies?' What kind of question is that?!" she thought to herself, blushing.
			"Hah, I've been known to watch a film or two." he shrugged. "I love a good horror movie. How about you?"
			She relaxed slightly, glad to see the awkwardness fade. "I'm into sci-fi, mainly. I watched the new Star Wars with Bea, but I wasn't too keen on it. It was basically a rehash of A New Hope."
			Connor smiled. "I never watched the new one. I do love how you have to watch the films like 'fourth, fifth, sixth, first, second, third' though." he grinned. "In charge of scheduling, Yoda was."
			Chloe laughed. "What's your favourite film?"
			He stroked his chin pensively. "Have you ever seen Red Rebellion?"
			She shook her head.
			"It's, uh... it's about a KGB spy who has to escape a gulag overrun by a cannibal cult." he chuckled awkwardly.
			"That... sounds awesome. We'll have to watch it some time." she grinned, before blushing - realising she implied she wanted to be round his house.
			Oblivious, Connor beamed. "Hell yeah! Me and Trey quote from it all the time. I'll warn you though - I'm an absolute bastard when watching films, 'cause I just don't know how to shut up." he grinned.
			"Oh my god, same!" she laughed. "I'm always sat there like 'Oh that's because of x-y-z,' and Bea always has to shush me."
			"I liked that movie last night!" Sparky yapped. "Which makes sense - I named myself after it."
			Connor stifled a chuckle. "Anyway - wanna get going?" he asked.
			"Sure." Chloe replied, rising. Connor stood too, and the trio continued their walk. 

			They made it to the top of Wyrmrock - a half-mountain that could overlook the entire Drackhill Valley area. From the peak, the river Calder flowed down, carving a branching path down towards the sea. An airship was ascending from a hangar just outside the city, while another flew overhead, close enough that they could see the operator's logo. Chloe looked out in awe.
			"This is a beautiful sight." she said, smiling.
			"Yeah, it is." Connor nodded, before taking in the sights himself.
			He pointed out to the various landmarks.
			"There - by the coast. That's Angleport, the seaside town. They have a massive stony beach there, plus a bunch of coves that pirates used to use back in the day. Can you see the dockyard?"
			She squinted, and shook her head. "I don't think I can make it out."
			Connor shivered slightly. He wasn't sure if it was down to his heightened senses, or if her glasses were for more than just reading. He banished the thoughts, and carried on.
			"I think it's a bit foggy, to be fair. Anyway, closer to home, we've got the whole city." he said, pointing down to the city below. "There's Redbridge, where I'm from. You can tell because it looks awful." he grinned.
			She chuckled, then pointed to across the river. "And that's Caldermouth, isn't it?"
			"Look at you, all local, like." Connor smirked. "And then there's Belson between them. I can smell it from here."
			"Am I correct in saying there's a rivalry between your two districts?" she asked.
			"Rivalry is putting it mildly. Belson's home to the Patriots - a bunch of skinhead cun---I mean, skinhead pricks." he corrected himself, blushing at his foul language. She merely giggled.
			"And Redbridge has a large immigrant population. So, naturally, the Patriots always try to screw around in our town." he explained.
			"Oh, my..." she said, eyes widening. "That sounds horrible."
			"It is." Connor nodded grimly. "But things should hopefully look up, soon. Anyway, over there..." he continued, pointing to a segment of the town where the buildings gradually became sparser, leading into moorland, "...is Blackmarsh. Massive stretch of peat bogs - pretty decent farmland further east."
			She giggled again, then blushed slightly. "What about that town over there?"
			"That's Wickermast." Connor nodded. "Home to the local nuclear power plant, a nail factory, and some big weapons manufacturer. Just north of it are the Wyrmwoods - the forests on the western side of the mountain."
			She smiled warmly. "Anywhere else you can see from here?"
			He pointed down at a small spot in the distance. "It's hard to make out, but that's Danwich. Hardly anyone lives there, but there's loads of old ruins - Vince used to take me to the castle there. Just south of it is Rexton - bunch of mansions and old people. And it's too foggy to see - but a short way off the coast is Mercy Isle. There's an old monastery there. Long since abandoned."
			"That's cool." she smiled warmly. She watched as the airship above began to slowly descend into the valley.
			"Damn... you can get a good view of the blimps from here." she grinned.
			"Technically, that's a zeppelin." Connor began. "Blimps use non-rigid frames, a bit like balloons."
			"Oh?" she tilted her head. "I thought the names were interchangeable."
			"I mean, functionally they are." he shrugged, before pointing. "See where that one is rising out? That's the hangar on Danwich Common. It's the biggest airfield in the south-west - since it handles both planes and airships. It's actually the third-largest airship hangar in Britain - only Birmingham and London have bigger ones."
			He awkwardly scratched the back of his head. "So, you give me really cool biology facts, and I give you trivia about airships. I think I got the better end of the deal there."
			She giggled, endeared. "Hey, taking turns infodumping... there are worse ways to communicate."
			He laughed heartily, causing her to chuckle too. The pair began to head back down the hill.

		Creek
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That night, Connor was resting on a rooftop with Sparky at his feet. He'd been showing his new packmate around the city - and showing him how humans lived.
			"Oh, Connor?" Sparky piped up.
			Connor chuckled - he had spent the last few hours sating his curiosity. It was tiring, but endearing.
			"Yeah, buddy?"
			"What's a wolfdog? I thought I was a wolf? My mum was a dog. Is that why I'm a wolfdog?"
			"Yeah, something like that. A wolfdog is when a dog and a wolf have puppies together. You're not actually a wolfdog - according to those files, your real pare--" he caught himself, trying to think of a good way to explain. "You're a wolf - the animals that made you as a puppy were wolves, not dogs."
			"So why did you call me a wolfdog?"
			"Well, it's against the law to own wolves. Technically wolfdogs are included, too - but it's easier to get away with it."
			"Okay!" he nodded, smiling.
			A minute passed.
			"Oh, Connor?"
			"Yes, buddy?" he grinned.
			"What's the law?"
			"A bunch of rules humans made up. If you break the law, they put you in a cage. Sometimes in a big cage with other humans. We call those 'prisons.'"
			"Did I break the law as a pup? Is that why I was in the cage?"
			"No, not at all." Connor smiled softly. "That was just the bad men being cruel." 
			"What about you? Is that why they brought you to the labs?" Sparky asked, tilting his head.
			"Nah, I don't think my own history matters to them..." Connor shrugged. "I have broken the law before. But I wasn't caught, so they never put me in prison."
			"What did you do?"
			"I stole things. We humans have this concept called 'ownership' where a thing can belong to someone forever, not just when they're using it."
			"Wow..." Sparky laid down, amazed. "And you took things that belonged to other people?"
			"Yeah." Connor nodded. "Me and my uncle Vince. He, um... he took the blame for it, a while ago. So he's in prison at the moment."
			"Can we rescue him? Like you rescued me?"
			Connor scratched Sparky's ears gently, and smiled. "I wish, bud. Maybe one day."
			"Is it breaking the law to kill people?"
			"Yes, that's *very* against the law." Connor chuckled.
			"So that means we've broken the law?" Sparky tilted his head. "Are we going to be put back in the cages?"
			"No. The police - that's a group of humans whose job is to catch people who break the law - they have no idea who we are. And even if they came for us, we can fight them and escape."
			He leaned in, and hugged Sparky tight.
			"You're never going back to that cage. Not while I'm around."
			Sparky nuzzled into Connor's chest, smiling warmly.
			Then, the phone rang.
			"Hey, Tommy." Connor answered.
			"What's that?" Sparky asked. Before Connor could reply, Tommy gave a panicked explanation.
			"Connor! There's a fire at the Walton flats - looks like an arson attack. Firefighters are stuck in traffic - can you do anything?"
			"You bet we can!" he replied firmly. "Sparky, let's go!"

			The pair sprinted over. In no time at all, they were on a rooftop next to the flame. Screams were audible.
			Connor looked at the flat, and for a moment, another memory flooded back - but he banished it.
			"Okay, we need to save the people in there." Connor ordered, morphing up his costume. "But fire is dangerous, and probably hurts us pretty badly. Avoid it if you can - and if you feel like you can't breathe, just get out of there. Got it?"
			"Got it." Sparky barked back. The two burst in.
			"HELP!" a young woman screamed. "TAKE MY SON!"
			Connor grabbed both mother and child, and rushed them to a nearby window. He kicked it out, and jumped through, launching them all to an adjacent rooftop, before putting them down.
			"GO!" he barked, and jumped back into the flames. He rushed through, and saw an old man with bad burns on his arm and face.
			"It's alright, I've got you..." he said, grabbing the man and likewise jumping him to safety, before jumping back in.
			He burst through a burning wall, and felt the structure tremble. He couldn't hear, couldn't think... He took a deep breath.
			The world went quiet. And then, two screams. He could hear where they were. His eyes flashed red, making his visor glow - and he looked up. Heartbeats.
			He rushed upstairs, and found a young couple struggling to breathe through the smoke. He grabbed them both and rushed to the window, only to find it blocked by fire. He spat out ashen saliva, and rushed down through crumbling stairs, making it to the entrance. He laid both people down on the ground - they were alive.
			"PLEASE!" one woman screamed, being held back. "MY BABY'S STILL IN THERE! I HAVE TO SAVE HER! LET ME GO!"
			Connor rushed over. At the sight of the half-burned man in a black superhero costume, she trembled.
			"It's okay. Where is your daughter?" he asked.
			"GROUND FLOOR! FLAT 2! PLEASE, HURRY! THERE'S GAS IN THERE!" she begged.
			Connor rushed back in. The smoke caught his lungs, burning them, but... he could still breathe. Barely, but still.
			The heat was unbearable. Connor's breath came in ragged gasps, the smoke choking him. He almost hesitated for a moment, wondering if he was pushing too far, but there was no time to question it now.
			He soldiered on, bursting the door down in flat 2, and saw the child, passed out from smoke inhalation. He grabbed her, and held her up, rushing to the nearest window. There, he saw Sparky bringing out the last group of people, barking at others to stay back. He smiled, proud of his boy, and then...

			BOOM!
			"NOOOO!" the mother screamed.
			"CONNOR!" Sparky likewise barked.
			"NO! Vicky, NO!" one man shouted, grabbing the woman.
			"MY BABY! MY BABY!" the woman sobbed.
			"LISTEN TO ME!" the man pleaded. "There's nothing we can do... there's no way to get to her body..."
			Sparky sat, and let out a mournful howl.
			With that, Connor's gloved hand rose, and gripped the windowsill, bending the wall around it.
			The force of the grip shook both woman and wolf out of their stupors.
			Both Sparky and Vicky ran right to the window. Connor hauled himself out, badly burned and smoke pouring from his flesh... and the child was unharmed. Connor shielded her from the blast.
			The woman took the child and ran back to her partner, who looked dumbfounded. Sparky helped Connor climb out, and he stumbled before falling to his knees.
			The survivors rushed over to him, helping him to his feet.
			"Who are you?" Vicky asked.
			Connor simply smiled, feeling his skin harden from the burns. He turned to leave.
			"Wait!" she shouted. "I... you saved my family. And everyone else here. I... Thank you."
			Connor nodded, coughed, spat out blood, and headed off with Sparky.

			The pair arrived at their flat. Connor scanned it with his super-senses, and spotted Amy fast asleep in bed. Relieved, he went in, and made some protein shakes for them both.
			"How did we do?" Sparky asked, licking a burned spot on his leg.
			"We did good - really good." Connor nodded, smiling proudly. "How's your leg?"
			"It's okay - already feels better." Sparky grinned.
			Connor laid back, closing his eyes. "My face feels a lot better. Pissed off though - been trying to grow a beard for ages, now I have to shave!" he chuckled.
			"You'll never be as furry as me." Sparky giggled.
			Connor laughed, crawled into his bed, and rolled onto his side. Sparky jumped up, and curled up at his feet. Connor stroked him happily.
			"Oh, Connor?" Sparky asked again. "What was that weird screen thingy that had the voice coming out of it?"
			Connor rolled his eyes and grinned, before quietly explaining the concept of telephony to his young packmate.

		Burning building rescue
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The morning sunlight peeked in through the curtains, shining down on the sleeping pair of mutants. Their flesh trembled and twisted in their sleep - as though their alien biology healed better this way. They were both half-smiling - clearly sharing a good dream.
			Both had mostly healed their burns. Connor woke up, and checked his watch.
			"09:49. We got back in gone 4AM. So, 5 hours to fully recover from smoke inhalation and third-degree burns. Nice."
			Sparky looked up and yawned. "Is that good?"
			"Hah... yeah, better than most." Connor chuckled.
			He checked his phone, and saw a text from Amy.
			"Hey, bro - you and doggo were snoring loudly, so i didnt wake you. anyway, theres a halloween party @ treys tonight - you coming? bring sparky pls <3"
			Connor looked at the text, and smiled softly. He looked over at Sparky.
			"Hey, bud - I've been invited out tonight - it's a Halloween party at my friend's house. Do you wanna come with?" he asked.
			"Ooh! I saw a film about Halloween on the telly the other night! Can we dress up?" Sparky asked, excited.
			"Haha, we sure can - what use is having shapeshifting powers if you can't look the part, eh?" Connor smirked. He morphed into a creepy monk outfit. He looked at his reflection, and smiled.
			"Wow, you look very scary!" Sparky barked encouragingly. He morphed too, equipping a harness with bat wings.
			"You know... Given we're planning on going after these bastards, it would be good if we used these things to make proper disguises - but we can deal with that later. For now - let's have some fun! I'll put on some scary movies, and then we'll head out tonight." Connor smiled.

			Later, they approached Trey's house, and Connor knocked on the door. Amy answered, wearing a witch's costume.
			"Trick or Treat!" Connor smirked.
			"Connor!" Amy shouted, running over and hugging him. Then, she pushed him away jokingly, and nuzzled into Sparky.
			"Hi, Amy! You look cool!" he beamed.
			"Hey, bro--oh. My. GOD! When did you get a dog?!" Trey asked as he walked over, before stroking Sparky's chin. "Who's a good boy? Whosagoodboyyy?! You are!" he said in a baby voice. He was dressed as a zombie, with several impressive make-ups - likely done by Amy.
			"Haha. I like you. You're funny." Sparky smiled.
			"I'm sorry guys... I've been meaning to come out more, but yeah, busy busy. Working with Tommy - you know how it is." Connor said, shifting his weight uncomfortably.
			Amy sighed. "You gotta get out of that shit, Connor. While you still can." she said, her voice full of nothing but concern this time.
			The image of Vince's arrest flooded his mind. "It's different. I'll... I'm not going to make that mistake again."
			"You be careful, bro..." Trey said, likewise concerned.
			"I will. Don't worry." Connor nodded reassuringly. He joined his friends in the living room.
			"By the way, I invited Chloe and Bea round." Amy announced. "Bea just texted me - they're almost here."
			"Awesome! The more, the merrier." Trey smiled.
			With that, Chloe and Bea arrived. Bea was dressed as what could only be described as "Disco Vampire," while Chloe was dressed as a witch.
			"Hi! Hello Chloe! I missed you!" Sparky said, rushing up to her.
			"Oh no way, hey Sparky!" Chloe giggled, stroking him.
			"Aww, I love him! He's adorable!" Bea said, stroking Sparky's ears.
			"Hello! I'm Sparky! What's your name?" Sparky barked happily.
			"Aww, I love the way he barks! So cute!" Bea squeed. Connor smiled.
			"Hey guys!" Bea exclaimed happily.
			"Dios mio! Un vampiro!" Trey faux-screamed.
			Bea hissed teasingly.
			"Oh no!" Chloe laughed, realising that her and Amy were wearing the same outfit.
			"Haha! That's crazy!" Amy giggled.
			"Too many witches! Save us, Father!" Trey said, hiding behind Connor.
			"Good thing I brought this." Connor laughed, pulling out his Crucifix. "Back, foul demons!"
			The girls giggled at that.
			"Alas, their powers are too great!" Trey faux-lamented.
			"Why did you invite the vampire in?!" Connor joked along.
			"Says the man with the wolfbat!" Bea laughed. The gang chuckled.

			Hours of raucousness passed, and Connor and Trey were sat outside with Sparky, smoking.
			Connor stretched his arms, feeling the last remnants of the burn scars fade away. He flinched. He could heal any damage - but it still hurt.
			"Bet you're glad to see that Chloe again, eh?" Trey grinned.
			"Hah... I mean, she's nice, yeah. I saw her the other day, we went for a walk with Sparky."
			"Oooh, so you can see your girlfriend, but not hang out with me, eh?" Trey gasped, faux-offended.
			"Haha - it's not like that. We're just friends. And oi, I'm here now, aren't I?"
			"I've missed you, man. Ever since you had that blackout... you've been, I dunno, distant?"
			"Yeah... I'm sorry, bro. I'm okay now though. It's just work - once I've got a few things sorted, I'll be hanging out more often."
			"I get it, bro. Just... Don't be such a stranger, yeah?"
			"I won't be." he vowed.
			Trey smiled, and stroked Sparky's head.
			"He's a good boy."
			"He's the best."
			"Damn right." Sparky chuckled.
			The three headed inside.

			"Hey, howdy!" Trey smiled.
			"We were just saying - have you heard the story from last night?" asked Bea.
			"What story's that?" Trey tilted his head.
			"Apparently, a werewolf saved a bunch of people from a burning building." Amy smirked.
			Connor shuffled nervously. "What do you mean, a werewolf?" he asked.
			"Well, according to some survivors, they were saved by a man with super-strength. According to others, it was a wolf that saved them. So, people are saying it was a werewolf." she explained.
			"Surely they're all mistaken though." Chloe replied. "I mean, werewolves aren't real. And even then, how could a man *or* a wolf do all that?"
			"I dunno... for them to *all* have the same mistake? Seems a little weird." Bea said.
			"Super-strong werewolves sound weirder." Trey quipped, causing chuckles.
			"Hey. It *is* Halloween. Could have been someone was wearing their costume early." Bea grinned.
			"I've heard stories, though." Trey continued. "Some masked vigilante who goes around beating up Patriot members. According to the rumours, he's as strong as 10 men."
			"Must be a bunch of smackheads telling lies." Connor shook his head. "The Patriots just don't wanna admit they lost to anyone normal, so they made up a story about some superman."
			"Probably." Amy nodded, sipping her drink. "Still... Makes you think."
			Connor shuffled nervously again. "They can't find out." he thought to himself. "I can't tell anyone. Not yet."
			"Did you hear that? We're heroes!" Sparky barked, smiling and licking Connor.
			"Haha, hey buddy." Connor laughed.

		Halloween

	The Werewolf
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			For the first time in weeks, Drackhill actually had a nice, sunny afternoon. Naturally, the UV-starved residents of the valley had flocked to Rexton Bay to get some much-needed vitamin D. The gang were no exception.
			Connor tapped a rythmn onto his steering wheel as they waited patiently in traffic. Trey had appointed himself as the car DJ - and thus, he called shotgun, much to Amy's chagrin. She got her revenge by placing herself right behind him, and took great pleasure in kicking the back of his seat. Beside her were Chloe and Bea, both eager to see the shores. Last but not least, Sparky's head rested on the backs of the seats, as he rested in the boot.
			Finally, they found a car park that hadn't been completely colonised. Connor pulled into a space, and the gang disembarked.
			"Wow!" Bea grinned, looking out at the horizon. "This place looks amazing."
			"Welcome to Rexton!" Connor gestured out. "Originally a Saxon settlement called 'Cyninges Tun' - King's Town. When the Normans came here, they changed it to Rex Tun - the village was crown land before the reforms of Edward Longsh--"
			Trey did a fake yawn, and Connor rolled his eyes, grinning. "It's a beach town, basically." he shrugged.
			The girls chuckled, and Connor popped open the boot. Sparky hopped out and stretched.
			"Oh, biiiig stretch!" Amy cooed.
			"Thanks for noticing!" he barked. The gang made their way towards the beach.
			"So..." Trey began. "I'm thinking we do a nice walk over the beach, then go get drinks at Cindy's."
			"Cindy's?" Chloe tilted her head.
			"This is what happens when you don't let me infodump." Connor snarked. "Cindy's is a nightclub here."
			"How are we gonna get back?" asked Bea.
			"I'm not drinking." Connor shrugged. "If any of yous spew in my car, you can clean it with a toothbrush."
			"Fair enough." Amy grinned, rushing out to the beach. The others made their way down the steps, but Sparky stopped dead in his tracks.
			"Connor!" he barked. "I don't like this stuff. I... it's weird, I..."
			"Hey, it's okay!" Connor rushed over, kneeling down.
			"No. I don't wanna walk on that. I..."
			"Sparky..." he whispered. "It's alright. It's just sand, okay? It's not gonna hurt you."
			"Everything okay?" Chloe asked, walking over slowly.
			"He, uh..." Connor paused. "He's a little nervous about the sand, I think."
			"I don't like it. It feels weird on my paws, I can't get a proper grip, it's getting in my fur..." Sparky whimpered.
			Connor thought for a moment, then smiled softly.
			"Here, watch me." he began. He took his shoes off, then his socks. He had to mentally remember to actually take them off rather than unmorph them.
			"Look. My paws are on the sand, but it's okay." he smiled softly. He pushed his toes down into the sand, then picked some up in his hand, piling it down. He rolled around in it, covering himself in grains.
			"See? It's all okay."
			Sparky hesitated, but finally, pressed his paws down. He smiled softly, and tip-toed down into the beach.
			Connor rose, brushing the sand off. He looked up, expecting jeers and snark.
			Instead, his friends looked at him, all smiling and proud.

			It was late now - well past midnight. Connor and Sparky were resting in their room, while Amy was drunkenly passed out in hers. Both 'werewolves' were in pain.
			"That was fun." Sparky groaned.
			"Glad you enjoyed it. We can do dog walks with them more often if you lik--aaagh! You're getting these headaches too?" Connor asked, rubbing his temples.
			"I've had them for as long as I can remember." Sparky replied, chewing on a bone to try to relieve the pressure.
			Connor shuddered. "I've always had migraines, but... they got worse ever since I got my powers."
			Sparky sighed, the pain drumming in his skull. "It's another thing these monsters have done to hurt us."
			"They certainly have form--Aghh!" another spike of agony, worse than last time. Connor's nose bled, and he looked over at Sparky, who was chewing on his own leg.
			"Oh shit, are you okay?" Connor asked. Sparky tilted his head.
			"I'm okay--I learned ages ago that when the headaches get bad, if you hurt yourself, they get better."
			"Hmm." Connor muttered. He pulled out his lighter, headed to the balcony, and began to burn his wrist. The pain was bad, but then--endorphins. It felt much better, both on his wrist and, more importantly, his head. He stopped once he could smell his wrist's smoke. He headed back inside.
			Sparky was relaxing now, his back leg cut up, but healing. Connor looked at his wrist, and it had already started to heal.
			His phone started buzzing - his burner. He answered - Ivan was on the other end.
			"Connor, tovarishch - have you been having migraines at all? I don't know if this is normal."
			"Funny you should mention that." Connor shrugged. "I've just been told by Sparky--the wolf we rescued--that hurting yourself helps with that. He's been chewing his leg, and I just burned my wrist - we're both feeling a lot better now."
			"Oooh, is that Ivan?" Sparky said, excitedly. "Hi Ivan!"
			"Really? Interesting. Hah, I can hear the wolf barking. How is he?"
			"He's good." Connor smiled. "I'm learning a lot from him."
			"Well, I have something for you. A job."
			"What kind of job?"
			"Contract killing."
			"What?!"
			"Listen. Your target is a man named Omar Hattab. Algerian general with a chip on his shoulder. Plotting to overthrow the government, institute a military dictatorship, and go to war with Tunisia. Government can't do anything, Western agencies are backing him, the KGB can't touch him - but you can. IES will handle travel, alibis, room and board. All you have to do is kill the bastard. Payout is 200k, paid as monthly installments of 4 grand for 4 years. We'll also be owed one by several power players - I'll use that favour to dig up more dirt on these psychos." Ivan explained.
			"You're asking me to kill a man, potentially the next leader of Algeria, for money?"
			"No." Ivan replied curtly. "I'm asking you to prevent a war that would kill hundreds of children, you'll just so happen to be rewarded for it."
			"Nice appeal to my morals. You're still asking me to kill for money."
			"Fine, yes - but he deserves it. And you need the cash."
			"What would the police say, if they saw some poor boy from the slums making 4 grand a month?"
			"It's all legal - you'll be officially employed by a tech company, and they'll pay you the money each month. Anyone asks, you work from home as a consultant." Ivan explained.
			"Who's paying the money?"
			"Construction firm. They could lose billions in contracts, so they're having Hattab taken out."
			"Can't they arrest him?"
			"With who's army? His own?"
			"...fine. But one condition. Drop the pay to 2 grand, and send the rest over to the Syndicate."
			"You've got it, tovarishch." Ivan smirked.
			Connor steeled himself. "When do I head out?"
			"Not long - so get some sleep. Taxi will meet you outside at 6am. Will take you to a private airfield."
			"How does the KGB have this kind of money?"
			"It's not KGB." Ivan explained. "Soon, you will learn - there are men behind the curtain."
			Connor hesitated. "Can I bring Sparky?"
			"Of course."
			"I'm in."
			Sparky looked up, excitedly. Connor relayed what had been told.
			"I'm ready." Sparky smiled. "If it helps us find the people who hurt us, we should do it."
			Connor breathed in, and they both got some rest while they could.

		Migraines/IES
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Morning came and bled into afternoon. Swimming through the skies above the Belearic Islands was a small private aeroplane, having left from Drackhill that morning. Inside, Connor was sat wearing a white shirt, green cargo trousers, and boots. Sparky was laid at his feet, panting slightly in the warmth. A man in a suit was talking to them, gesturing to a corkboard filled with photographs and maps.
			"You okay, buddy?" Connor asked, wary.
			"I'm in a big metal bird moving faster than anything I've ever seen. Why wouldn't I be?" Sparky replied, shaking slightly.
			"Hey, at least you're being sarcastic. You can't be that bad." Connor grinned. He stroked his packmate's ears gently.
			The suited man cleared his throat.
			"They did tell you the dog can speak, right?" Connor cocked an eyebrow.
			"They, um... they mentione something along those lines." the man replied awkwardly. "Nervous flier, I'm guessing?"
			"I've never flown either." Connor shrugged. "Is it normal to feel like gravity's been inverted?"
			"At the risk of being impolite, I'm not sure you should be searching for 'normal' in your life, sir."
			"Fair point." Connor chuckled, morphing his costume on and off.
			"First part of the briefing is, well, brief. It's customary for IES operatives to receive a quick rundown on the local area - politics, history, culture, et cetera."
			"What, so I can pronounce 'couscous' correctly as I kill him?" Connor quipped.
			The man couldn't help but crack a smile. "Algeria - officially, the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria. Historically part of various Muslim empires, including a 300-year stint as a mostly-independent tributary of the Ottoman Empire. That is, until the French rocked up in 1830. The process of colonisation wasn't any different to most empires - mass killings, ethnic cleansing, establishment of settlements... unusually for most African nations under European rule, the country was annexed by the French, and integrated as a province of France - not that the locals got citizenship."
			"Sounds familiar." Connor nodded grimly, his mind flashing back to his childhood in Ireland.
			"Of course." the man bowed his head. "Preaching to the choir, I know. Anyway, it remained a province of France through both world wars - but after the second, Algerian nationalism became a more significant force. A 7-year war kicked off in the 50s, culminating in a failed coup by pro-war generals in France itself. After this, the French cut their losses. The country carried on like most post-colonial regimes until the 90s, when an Islamist politicl party called..." he flipped through his notes, "...the Islamic Salvation Front. They were on track to win the 1992 elections, so the army launched a coup d'etat, kicking off a decade-long civil war."
			"Who's in power now?"
			"The army won the war, but not without several atrocities. Not that the Islamists weren't brutal too, but they were by all rights the legitimate government. After the war, new elections were held, and president Ibrahim Sifi consolidated his control. He resigned in 2009 - the elections that year lead to the Socialist Party of Algeria, or SPA, taking power. Terms in Algeria are 5 years long ever since Sifi's constitution, so in the recent elections, the SPA's current leader, Abdal Mohammed el-Bennani, spoke of impartial investigations into atrocities committed by both sides in the war. This unsettled the chiefs of staff - Hattab being the figurehead of this movement."
			"So they're carrying out a coup, just to cover up the crimes they committed in the last coup." Connor noted grimly.
			"Hattab may be the ringleader of this coup, but..." the man paused, "There are suspicions that ex-president Sifi is involved, too."
			"What, he couldn't be arsed to run for office again?" Connor quipped. "Anyway - is there anything I need to know about the region as a whole? I heard mention of war with Tunisia."
			The man sighed, and checked his notes again. "How much do you know about North African politics?"
			"Just give me the basics." Connor chuckled.
			"The two biggest rivals for power in the MENA are the United Arabian Federation - led by the Ba'ath Party - and the Islamic Republic of Egypt, led by the Muslim Brotherhood. As you can guess from the names, the UAF supports secular pan-Arabism, while the IRE supports Islamism. You may know from the news that Libya is embroiled in civil war - the main factions are Islamist insurgents backed by Egypt, nationalist militants backed by the UAF, and a small democratic movement caught in between."
			He pulled out a map of the region, to better illustrate his lecture.
			"Tunisia is a democratic, multi-party republic - one of the few in the region. They mainly side with the UAF on regional politics, though - since both are secular modernists. When the Algerian Civil War ended, most of the rebels either went out to Libya to fight there, or sought refuge in Tunisia. From what we know, the military establishment in Algeria, especially Hattab's clique, don't want to get stuck in a quagmire of intervention in Libya - but they *do* want to 'settle the score' with the remnants in Tunisia."
			"Right... So who's backing Hattab, and who's backing us?" Connor asked, somewhat bored.
			"Hattab is primarily backed by South Africa - primarily because the SPA supports pan-Africanism." the man replied. "The UAF is more or less neutral - Hattab's nationalist policies and anti-Islamism would ordinarily appeal to them - but South Africa and the UAF are rivals for influence in Africa, which complicates things. We, on the other hand, were approached by French intelligence, who back the SPA."
			"I thought this contract came from a construction company?" Connor tilted his head.
			"It does. A French company is footing the bill - they have several contracts with the current government, specifically building railways. Those contracts would fall through in the event of civil war. Aside from that, we're also receiving minor support from Tunisia, who want Hattab gone before he can threaten them. No word yet on if the Muslim Brotherhood has anything to do with this, but I doubt it."
			Connor paused, hesitant.
			"What's wrong?" Sparky asked.
			"Nothing, buddy." he said quickly. "Alright, what's the plan?"
			"Hattab was last seen here." the man said, pointing to a grainy photo of a stern-faced man speaking on the phone in an office. "The headquarters of the DRS. That is, Departement du Renseignement et de la Securite - the intelligence agency. He's likely negotiating with key officials to secure their backing for his coup."
			"Overall, how supported is Hattab by the Algerian people and establishment?"
			"The military largely support him, with a couple of glaring exceptions. He's also supported by the Algerian deep state, naturally." the man shrugged. "As for the people... Algiers is currently wracked by protests in the streets - from what we can tell, they're demanding investigations into the army's conduct in the civil war, and a number of other government reforms targeting the deep state."
			"Glaring exceptions?"
			"The commander of the Gendarmerie Nationale is, to our knowledge, a government loyalist. He's so far refused to deploy the Gendarmerie to quell the protests - so we assume Hattab intends to arrest him and take direct command. Aside from him, the head of the Republican Guard is also loyal to the government - so we at least don't have to worry about the Praetorians as well."
			At that, he received an alert on his phone - a message from the pilot.
			"We'll arrive at Algiers in a few minutes - according to our estimations, he'll next be heading to the suburb of Cheraga to rally the Gendarmerie Nationale - their HQ is there. After that, he'll be going to El Mouradia - he'll be travelling personally to the Presidential Palace to arrest the executive branch, while his other forces secure the SPR - Sevice Public de Radiodiffusion - the state broadcaster. Once he's captured both sites, he'll bring the president to the SPR building, and take over the airwaves, forcing the president at gunpoint to declare Hattab as the new leader."
			"If we know all of this, how is the coup even gonna happen? Surely the Algerian government knows this, too." Connor asked, tilting his head. "Why don't they have a plan to stop this?"
			"They do. You're the plan." the man grinned.
			Connor nodded. "Well... Sounds like a lot of transit. Plenty of opportunities to intercept him."
			"Well spotted. Your objective is to intercept his convoy as it travels to Cheraga. We've provided an ATV for interception - you should meet him halfway, in the fields just west of Dely Ibrahim. Said spot is a crucial junction for him to go from the DRS site to Cheraga, and also from Cheraga to El Mouradia, so they'll have blocked off all traffic there by now - meaning civilian presence will be minimal to nonexistant."
			He pulled out a machine gun, and a pack of explosives.
			"Neutralise him. No witnesses."
			Connor flinched, rejecting the weapons. "I'm killing Hattab, and only Hattab. I'm an assassin, not a terrorist."
			Sparky tilted his head.
			The man chuckled, and relented. "Fine. As long as the mark is dead."
			He handed a small radio device.
			"For secure comms. My call sign is Rattler. Yours is Werewolf."
			"Ha ha." Connor snarked, taking the device.
			"Gentlemen!" the pilot said over the intercom. "We're landing in 30 seconds. Better hold onto something!"
			The handler took his seat. Connor took one too, but picked up Sparky, holding him through the landing. Sparky smiled, appreciating his packmate's care.

		Hattab briefing
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The fields stretched out endlessly under the burning sun. Connor and Sparky crouched behind a rocky outcrop, their ATV parked a short distance away. The stillness was broken by the distant hum of engines.
			"They're coming." Connor muttered. Sparky growled softly, his fur bristling.
			The convoy came into view: three MRAPs rolled in, their dark windows glinting in the sunlight.
			Connor stood, and stepped onto the road, morphing up his costume. Sparky likewise morphed up, only his mouth and tail uncovered. He bared his fangs in preparation.
			The lead vehicle screeched to a halt, the others stopping behind it. A gunman, perched out of a hatch on the roof, trained his rifle on the pair. Sparky skulked around, circling to the back of the convoy.
			"Ibt'aidu 'an al-ṭariq!" he shouted, his voice sharp and commanding. "Nahn mukhawalun biaistikhdam alquat 'iidha lam ta--"
			Before he could finish barking his command, Connor bolted forward in a zig-zag. The soldier opened fire, but Connor was like a blur. In a few heartbeats, he leapt up to the top of the car, grabbed the man by the throat, and launched him to the ground.
			Just as this happened, Sparky pounced on the gunman on the third vehicle, launching him in a similar way. His teeth tore the man's uniform shirt from his torso as he slammed into the ground.
			All hell broke loose.
			Soldiers poured out from the three vehicles, opening fire. Connor jumped down the hatch of the car he was on, slid up to the armoured door, and kicked its hinges. It budged, so he kicked again, knocking it free. He held it aloft, using it as a shield to charge the squadron, before bashing them in melee.
			Sparky, meanwhile, took a more vicious approach. A swing of his claws carved up the face of one soldier, while a well-placed bite tore up another's trigger-hand. Neither men would die from those wounds - but it wasn't pretty.
			"Hey! Easy with the bleeding!" Connor yelled across the battlefield. Sparky huffed, and locked his jaws on another soldier's arm, pulling back as much as possible to avoid cutting him. Then, he twisted his head, and a disgusting *SNAP* followed by blood-curdling screams marked the end of that man's contribution to the fight.
			The remaining soldiers carried on shooting, but Connor was already moving, weaving through the chaos with superhuman speed. He disarmed one man with a brutal twist of his wrist, sending the rifle clattering to the ground, then landed a bone-crunching punch that sent the man sprawling.
			A hail of bullets ripped through the air, several landing in Connor's back. He reeled from the pain, but it... it hurt less than he'd expected for assault rifle rounds. He swiftly spun around, pressing his back against the MRAP and holding his makeshift door-shield aloft. It made distinctive clanging sounds as bullets slammed into it or ricocheted off.
			Then, Connor raised the door into the air, and swung it into a soldier's head, making a satisfying *THUNK* noise as the man drifted into a deep sleep. Sparky gripped a soldier by his uniform, and threw him into the air. As he landed, the sound of bones popping out of their joints was overtaken by his cries of pain.
			Finally, a young, pimply soldier, who accidentally dropped his gun, tried desperately to crawl away. Sparky advanced, his eyes glowing deep blood-red. The soldier frantically kicked out, but Sparky grinned, baring his teeth.
			"Istaslim! Istaslim! Ana 'astasilim! ʿAfak, ma t-'adarnish!"
			Sparky, undeterred, advanced, possessed by his inner demons.
			"SPARKY!" Connor roared, grabbing his scruff. Sparky replied by snarling viciously, turning his head to face Connor. The two locked eyes for a moment, before Sparky's red glow faded, and he looked away, calmed and in control again.
			Connor looked around frantically. He had made sure that nobody escaped during the chaos...
			So where the fuck was Hattab?!
			He pulled out a radio.
			"Rattler, this is Werewolf." he began. "Hattab is a no-show."
			"What?!" his handler barked back. "You're sure?!"
			"Dead certain." Connor replied grimly.
			"Hattab?!" the panicked soldier asked. "Rah machi hna! Rah rayeh l'El Mouradia!"
			"Ah..." Connor paused. "This would be easier if I knew Arabic."
			The soldier hesitated. "Um... Il est alle au palais presidentiel!"
			"...Or French." Connor sighed again.
			"Wait..." the handler gasped. "El Mouradia! Presidentiel! He's on his way to the palace! Shit!"
			"What do we do?!" Connor asked, his hearts beating quicker now.
			"We're running out of time... Get on the ATV, and get to the palace, ASAP. Do not under any circumstances let Hattab kill the President. I've just received word that the minister of defence is in on this - lethal force is authorised."
			Connor paused, but nodded. "Received."
			He launched himself back onto the ATV, as Sparky hopped into its sidecar. They sped off as fast as they could.

			Arriving into the suburb of El Mouradia, Connor spotted a military checkpoint between him and the Palace. The guards at the point aimed their rifles at him.
			"Hang on tight!" he barked, morphing his costume into a more heavily-armoured version. Sparky did the same, and the bullets began to fly. The twin Werewolves' eyes glowed a bright red as the armour encased them.
			"NOW!" Connor screamed. The pair leapt from the buggy, careening above the checkpoint and making an audible impact on the tarmac below. They sprinted on, undeterred, approaching the steps of the Palace.
			Before continuing, Connor fell to his knees, de-armoured his suit, and caught his breath. He took off his mask, and the red eyes faded to grey, and the black veins shrank back down.
			"You okay?" Sparky panted, likewise exasperated.
			"Yeah... We... Okay, I guess we can't use the armour power for long... drains us..." he said between breaths.
			"We can figure out more about our powers later! Come on!" Sparky rallied. Connor grinned, and rose. The pair breached the palace gates, and saw a platoon of soldiers, and behind them, a pile of bodies - bodies wearing the insignia of the Republican Guard. The palace had fallen.
			Instantly, the platoon opened fire. The pair darted away from each other, taking cover behind marble pillar that were becoming riddled with bullets. If they weren't being attacked by coupsters, Connor would've lamented the priceless architecture being ruined.
			He took a deep breath, and morphed up the armour again. Then, he waded into the platoon. Bullets either bounced off of him, or simply lost their momentum on his armour, falling to the ground. He struggled to get close, but before long, he was in melee range. Then, he began swinging about like a madman.
			It worked. Throwing himself from man to man, the platoon was breaking apart. Sparky, who had used this time to do some actual tactical thinking, prowled around and pounced in from their rear, making quick work of those Connor wasn't clobbering. Before long, the warriors were surrounded by broken and bleeding men. Connor de-formed the armour, and nearly collapsed, before steadying himself.
			He shook his head, and the pair ascended the stairs.
			There, he saw a large door - it looked important. He booted it open, revealing a massive meeting room - presumably, cabinet. Two men began shooting, with their captives tied up behind them. He picked up a chair, and launched it at one - then did the same to another. Their ribs made audible cracks as they collapsed.
			Connor sauntered over to the captives, and ripped their handcuffs apart with his bare hands.
			"Okay... not to sound like an arsehole tourist, but does anyone here speak English?!"
			"Me! I do!" one woman raised her hand. "Amira Halimi, Minister of Foreign Affairs."
			"Where's Hattab? And the President?"
			"Hattab took the President to the SPR building, along with the Defence Minister, Youcef Djilali. They're planning to start a live broadcast, where Djilali will announce that we've all been arrested. Hattab's planning on making him his puppet! There must be something we can do!"
			"Amira? Qui est cet homme?" the Prime Minister asked.
			"Je ne sais pas, monsieur premier." she shook her head, then turned back to Connor. "Who are you?"
			"I work for a construction company." he shrugged evasively, before morphing his armour on and off to demonstrate his inhuman nature. "I'm a superhero. Now, you need to make a phone call."
			"To who?"
			"Whoever's in charge of the Gendarmerie Nationale." Connor nodded. "He's loyal. Get him to send his men here, and secure the Palace. I'll go to the SPR building, and take out Hattab."
			He went to leave, but felt a hand grab his arm.
			"Wait!" Amira began. "...Thank you."
			"I... Sure." Connor said hesitantly, before leaving.
			He grabbed his radio.
			"Rattler, this is Werewolf. President has been taken to the SPR building."
			"Damn it. Get him, now - they've just launched an emergency broadcast. Everyone in Algeria can see this mess."
			"On it. While we move... I need you to translate some words into Arabic..."

		Hunting Hattab
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Outside the SPR building, Connor and Sparky stood menacingly. There didn't seem to be a whole mass of soldiers here - more a skeleton crew to secure the site. The pair entered covertly.
			"Alright..." Connor whispered. "We do this right, and we keep it quiet until we make it to Hattab and the President. After that, we go wild."
			"Got it." Sparky nodded, smiling. The pair went in, prowling and creeping through the hallways.
			They moved low, sticking to the walls. As part of Hattab's assault, the electricity had been cut - likely to trigger the emergency broadcast system. Connor's visor glowed a bright blood-red, as he used his super-senses to scan the building. 
			He could see a cluster of heartbeats around a single room in one of the higher floors. While he couldn't quite hear their speech, it was clear that they *were* speaking.
			"Up top." he whispered. "That must be where they're holding him."
			Sparky nodded, then ripped a panel off of a ventilation shaft.
			"I'll scout ahead, and wait for you. Be careful."
			"Always." Connor nodded.
			He skulked on through the facility, his eyes flashing red as he used his super-vision to anticipate enemy patrols. Edging up to a corner, he peeked around. There, he spotted two soldiers, standing in the corridor - chatting casually in Arabic.
			"[The General is almost done with Bennani.]" one said.
			"[Did you hear what happened to the decoys?]" the other asked.
			"[Yes. A great shame, to have lost so many men.]"
			"[Here's the thing - nobody died.]"
			"[What? Impossible. The whole convoy was neutralised. There's no way terrorists did that without heavy firepower.]"
			"[That's what I thought. But according to my friend in the---]" *CLACK-CLUNK*
			Both men readied their rifles in terror, aiming at the source of the noise. They approached slowly, fingers resting on their trigger fingers.
			Connor grinned - it worked. He'd thrown an empty magazine at the wall opposite to him. The men arrived, facing the object, worried about the potential bomb threat - and unaware of the monster their backs were turned to.
			"Hey, guys."
			As both men screamed and tried to aim their guns, Connor raised both in the air by their throats. They scrambled, before going slightly limp. Connor smashed their heads together, then let them drop to the ground, concussed. He moved onwards, approaching a large double door.
			Reactivating his super-vision, he spotted that cluster of heartbeats again. He looked up, and saw a double-rythmn he recognised - Sparky's two hearts beat above the amalgam, hidden in the rafters.
			Preparing for siege, Connor morphed up his armour once more, and barged in.

			Immediately, gunmen opened fire. Connor rushed in, unfazed, and slammed into the enemy group, launching men into the air.
			Chaos erupted. Sparky dropped down from the ceiling, and frantically swiped and clawed at soldiers. A spinning kick exploded from Connor, sending an officer flying backwards.
			Before he could press his attack though, he saw a soldier drop his gun, and raise his fists. Bemused, he sent a punch flying his way.
			The soldier caught Connor's fist, and squeezed, before stabbing him in the gut with a super-sharp blade. His balaclava came loose - loose enough to reveal his black-veined eyesockets.
			"Dis hy! Die verraaier!" he roared, as other soldiers likewise drew their blades.
			Connor morphed a knife from his hand and slashed out, taking his stabber's throat.
			"Rattler, this is Werewolf! A bunch of Super-Agents are here!"
			"What?! That's not possible, they... oh, God."
			"Sparky! Start killing!"
			"FINALLY!" Sparky roared, biting a soldier's head.
			The pandemonium only intensified. In such a cramped space, the melee was brutal. One Agent stabbed Connor right in the side, cutting into his kidneys. Another buried his knife into his back. Connor responded with a spinning, slashing motion - hard enough to take off a head.
			At last, the Agents were dead. Connor panted, as Hattab, until now frozen in fear, tried to run.
			He pounced upon him, and dragged him in front of the cameras. He forced him to his knees, stole his sidearm, and held it to his temple.
			"[People of Algeria!]" Connor boomed into the camera, remembering the translation Rattler had provided. "[Tyrant Hattab has failed! Do not submit to his cronies!]"
			"[Go to hell!]" Hattab snarled in an almost admirable defiance.
			Connor smirked beneath his mask, pushed Hattab's head away from the camera, and pulled the trigger.
			A loud splatting noise accompanied the shot. Hattab's lifeless body fell to the ground. Connor had spared the TV the goriest of the scene, but anyone watching would know what had happened.
			"Vive l'Algerie! Mort aux tyrans!" he barked.
			As he said this, Sparky chewed off the President's handcuffs. He ran to the podium, and took the boom mic from Connor.
			"[My people! Resist the coupster's plots! I call upon you to take to the streets! Soldiers still loyal to the People, I tell you now - lay down your arms, and I assure you, you will be treated fairly.]"
			With that, soldiers swarmed into the SPR building. They quickly made it to the broadcast room. They entered, and before Connor could even begin to fight, yelled "[Clear!]" and holstered their weapons. A man in a general's uniform entered - this one, of the Gendarmerie Nationale. He arrested and restrained the Defence Minister, then turned to the President.
			"[Mr. President. The situation in the SPR and the Palace is under control. I recommend we evacuate you to the Palace, and continue from there.]"
			"[Excellent - thank you, Major Fayek.]" the President nodded. He turned to face Connor, but he'd already vanished.

			Arriving at the designated meeting point, Sparky and Connor sat, exhausted. A small armoured car pulled up, and their handler exited. The sun was setting now, leaving a beautiful picture in the sky.
			"Excellent work." he nodded, grinning. "Our intel was bad, but you pulled the op through. You've got a very good career ahead of you."
			"Career?"
			"Of course. You think Hattab is the only one people'll pay to kill?"
			"I'm not here to kill on behalf of the rich." Connor scowled.
			"Yeah, I know. Hence why your KGB buddy asked us to not send you any contracts you'd find objectionable." the handler shrugged.
			Connor sighed. "Those Agents... what were they doing here?"
			"Intel suggests they're mercenaries. We've had suspicions about this one South African PMC - PaladinCorp."
			"Oh, of course. They couldn't have picked a less ominous name?" Connor grinned.
			"Apparently not. PaladinCorp is connected to the South African government - specifically, its leadership are members of the ruling National Party. They got their start putting down anti-Apartheid riots."
			"Evil cunts..." Connor spat.
			"Indeed. I'm surprised you've never heard of them." the handler nodded. "They were involved in the Bogside War - they provided weapons and training to Loyalist paramilitaries."
			"You're kidding..." Connor snarled. "I don't suppose you've got any contracts on them?"
			Rattler shook his head. "Not yet. But now they're fielding Super-Agents... this could be very bad."
			"No shit. I'd better tell Ivan..."
			"You'd better. Now come on - if we leave now, we can be back in England before midnight."
			"Not yet. Gotta sort something first." Connor shook his head, as his stomach rumbled.
			"Fine. Just be back at the airfield before sunset." the handler grinned.
			"Oh, and... I need a downpayment on my cheque." Connor began. "Can you spot me £20?"
			The handler chuckled. "Here. 3000 dinar."

		Hattab Death
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Djej, djej taaza! Kouskous bel-djej!" a street vendor called out. That less than an hour prior, rioting civilians had stared down the guns of the 9th Mountain Ranger brigade, only spared by the timely intervention of the Gendarmerie leading to a mutiny and a surrender - none of that mattered.
			People were hungry, and there was fresh chicken couscous to be eaten.
			Connor and Sparky approached the vendor, their stomachs growling stronger as they arrived. The smell was so good, they had to stop themselves from simply upturning the stall and eating the lot.
			Connor approached. "Heya! Uh, salam alaykum!"
			"Ah, salam! Masa l-khir, khouya! Wach hab t'kul?" the vendor smiled, gesturing at his menu - written in both Arabic and French.
			Connor took a moment, before nodding. "Um..." he said, before pointing at some chicken.
			The vendor smiled. "Tu veux du poulet?"
			Connor pulled out his phone, and opened an online translater. "Oui! Deux portions, s'il vous plait."
			The vendor grinned. "Touriste?"
			"Oui." Connor nodded, embarrassed.
			The vendor laughed, and began making the food.
			"Deux portions... une pour le chien?"
			Connor checked the app - "One for the dog?" it read.
			"Oui - une pour le chien."
			The vendor chuckle. "Vous, uh, Anglais?"
			"Oh, uh, oui! Well, not... Non, pas l'anglais. L'Irlande."
			"Irlande?"
			"Oui. Uh..." He poined in the air. "Angleterre." He moved his other finger down. "France." Further down again: "Algerie."
			Then, moved his finger to the side of where he's marked England: "Irlande."
			The vendor smiled, and nodded. "Ah! L'Irlande est-elle l'Algerie de l'Angleterre?"
			"Ireland is the Algeria of England?" the app replied.
			Connor thought about it for a second. Yeah, that made sense. "Oui." he shrugged.
			The vendor squinted. "Colonise, aussi?"
			"Oui." Connor grimly nodded.
			The vendor gave a sympathetic smile, and handed over the portions. Connor handed over the 3000 dinar. "Keep the change. Uh... Gardez la monnaie."
			"Oh, merci beaucoup!" the vendor smiled warmly. The meal was only 2000, so he gladly pocketed the tip. He rummaged through the underside of his counter, and grinned.
			"Souvenir." he passed - a 100-dinar coin, which had a commemoratory sigil on it marking Independence Day. "Oh, et restez sur la place pour l'Adhan! Magnifique."
			"Merci beaucoup." Connor smiled, and he and Sparky trotted away.

			"Oh, Connor?" Sparky piped up.
			"Yeah, bud?"
			"That was another language, wasn't it?"
			"Yeah, he was speaking Arabic and French." Connor nodded, smiling.
			"How come he understood you then?" Sparky tilted his head.
			"Well, I was speaking French too - using my phone." Connor shrugged. "Should've used it on the mission, but hey, we were rushing."
			"No you weren't. I understood your parts - so you must've been speaking English!" Sparky yapped, confused.
			Connor paused for a moment. "That makes sense."
			"Hm?"
			"Well, think about it. You're fluent in English because you grew up hearing it spoken." Connor began. "But you said before that, when I speak to you, it seems a lot clearer than most people. And *I* can, for some reason, understand what you mean when you're barking and howling. And now we know that, when I'm speaking another language, you can still understand me."
			"What does all that mean?" Sparky tilted his head.
			"That having a telepathic wolf often raises as many questions as it answers." Connor snarked.

			The sun was finally pulled beneath the horizon, entering twilight - and the Adhan, the call to prayer, began.
			"Allahu akbar, Allahu akbar. Allahu akbar, Allahu akbar." it started. Its first echoes rolled down from the Casbah, one voice rising from the hill, another answering from the harbour.
			"Ashhadu an la ilaha illa Allah. Ashhadu an la ilaha illa Allah." the second line went.
			Across the market square, the air changed: knives set down, voices softening. The smell of grilled sardines and cumin hung still for a heartbeat. Some silently mouthed along to the familiar words.
			"Ashhadu anna Muhammadan Rasul Allah. Ashhadu anna Muhammadan Rasul Allah."
			A few spread thin mats beside their stalls, in preparation. For a moment, even the gulls seemed to quiet.
			"Hayya 'ala-s-Salah. Hayya 'ala-s-Salah."
			"What's going on?" Sparky asked, in awe.
			"Shh..." Connor whispered softly, stoking his ears.
			"Hayya ‘ala-l-Falah. Hayya ‘ala-l-Falah."
			The sound of the call was almost ethereal. Connor thought back to the time his grandmother took him to Easter mass - church bells ringing and gorgeous hymns.
			"Allahu akbar, Allahu akbar. Allahu akbar, Allahu akbar."
			People across the square seemed to be happier, now. Movement picked up ever-so-slightly, the end of the call in sight.
			"La ilaha illa Allah. La ilaha illa Allah."
			Then, as the last note faded over the rooftops, the square exhaled - the hiss of oil returned, the clink of coin against metal, the rhythm of evening resumed. Some people headed towards the mosque in groups, eager to begin the prayer. The vendor from before laid out his mat by the side of his stall, facing southeast towards Mecca. They went through the familiar motions of the Maghrib - the sunset prayer. Some made a show of being more pious - others were simply glad that after such a chaotic day, *this* part was still the same.
			A street cat hopped into the vendor's stall, and helped itself to some fresh chicken. He stifled a laugh, endeared - and carried on praying.
			"Vive l'Algerie! Mort aux tyrans!" one man called out.
			"Tahya aljazayar! Almawt liltughati!" another yelled happily.
			Cheers of both filled the air.
			Connor looked on, smiling warmly.
			"You know, I've never been abroad." he mused.
			"Me neither, if it helps." Sparky quipped.
			Connor chuckled. "I know this ain't exactly a standard weekend getaway... but this is nice."

		Algiers Square/Adhan
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Bea awoke from a mid-evening nap to a notification on her phone. Groggily, she checked it, and upon reading it, perked up. It was a text from a boy named Charlie Thorne, her teenage crush. She made her hair look presentable before remembering she was only texting.
			"Heya! Haven't spoken in a long time xx" he had sent.
			"Omg hi! How have you been? Xx" she replied.
			"I've been good!! I've enrolled in Drackhill University, doing Business Studies. Do I remember rightly that you study Law? Xx" he sent back.
			"That's good! Oh no way, that's so cool! What's business studies like? And yes, I'm studying law and sociology - well remembered! Xx" she replied, smiling.
			Charlie lounged in a comfy armchair, scrolling through Bea's profile. He was tall, athletic, with light brown hair cropped short and piercing blue eyes that flicked with something darker beneath his easy smile. His lightly tanned skin caught the glow of his phone screen as he grinned deviously.
			He scrolled past the post where she announced her enrollment in her course, and saw one where she posted photos of herself on holiday in the Bahamas - dated shortly after they last spoke. He grinned deviously.
			"Haha, yeah my memory's pretty good. How was the Bahamas by the way? Last time we spoke, you said you were going to go. Xx"
			"Oh, very well remembered! Haha! It was sooo good! We went SCUBA diving and everything! Xx" Bea replied.
			Charlie continued to scroll through, and saw a photo of her with her friends - Connor, Chloe, Amy, and Trey. He noticed how closely her and Trey were stood, and seethed for a moment before replying.
			"And how's life? Any new developments? Xx"
			"Oh, life's good! And no, not really - I've found my feet down in Drackhill now, I've made some really great friends - you should meet them! Xx"
			He seethed again at the mention of her friends. "I'd love to! It would be great to meet up and catch up with you as well though - one on one, if you know what I mean? Xx"
			Bea replied almost straight away, eliciting a grin from Charlie - "She's hooked" he thought.
			"Yeah that'd be lovely! xx"
			"Are you back free now? We can meet up if you like. Xx" he asked her, making his move.
			With that, Bea smiled. This was the first time Charlie ever returned her crush - or at least, the first time he'd appeared to.
			He grinned. "We could go for a nice walk in the park xx"
			"Sounds perfect - I'll meet you at the clock tower in half an hour? Xx" she replied impulsively.
			"Yes, brilliant - see you then! Xx"
			He grinned, his eye twinkling slightly.

			Across the Mediterranian, Connor and Sparky sat on an empty plane, heading back to Drackhill. Connor turned to his packmate.
			"So... how do you think that went?" he asked.
			"We did good, didn't we?"
			"We did... but I mean, fighting. How do you feel about that?"
			"Good. Really good. Like I was made for it." Sparky replied.
			"Made for it?"
			"Yeah! I don't know, it just feels right. Like chasing a ball, but... bigger." Sparky wagged his tail slightly.
			"You're okay with that?" Connor pressed.
			Sparky tilted his head, thoughtfully. "I don't like hurting anyone. But if it's someone bad, someone who hurts others... it feels like stopping them is a good thing."
			"...me too. But, remember - we can only hurt bad folks. Men like Hattab, or the people who hurt us, we can go after them."
			"I know." Sparky replied. "I'd never hurt the innocent."
			"Good." Connor said, relieved. "Me neither."
			Sparky yawned, and closed his eyes. Connor closed his own, but try as he might, he couldn't fall asleep.
			He looked over at Sparky, fast asleep, stroked him, and smiled. 
			"At least you're sleeping soundly." he mused. He prepared to head home.

			Bea arrived at clock tower outside the park. There, she saw Charlie.
			"Hi! So good to see you again!" she said, hugging him. He hugged back, giving her a peck on the cheek, causing her to blush.
			"It's so lovely to see you." he began.
			The two headed on a walk and started talking. They were walking by the side of the canal as the sun began to set.
			"I have to ask... why did you reach out? I... I thought you'd have forgotten about me." she asked, unsure.
			"Forgotten about you? Never. I've just been... nervous. You're amazing, Bea, and I didn't know if you'd even want to hear from me." he replied, turning her suspicion into flattery.
			"It's so lovely out here..." she smiled.
			"Yes, it is quite, isn't it? The views this evening are... delightful." With that, he made a point of looking at her. She smiled shyly and blushed. He placed his hand on her cheek, and she pushed her face into his palm, closing her eyes. He drew in, and they kissed. She happily accepted it. After the kiss was over, he looked deep into her eyes.
			"Forgive me. I didn't think I'd get to see you again like this. I didn't want to push things, but... I couldn't resist." he said in a low, baritone voice.
			He held out his arm to walk with her. She accepted.
			While walking, she got a slight bit of dirt on her face. He cleaned it immediately.
			"You're so beautiful, so pure - I could never let your face be dirtied." he whispered, making her blush.
			"Hah, you should have seen me yesterdar. I was on a dog walk with my friends-" Charlie's fist clenched out of her view as she began to talk about her friends. "-and I slipped on a piece of driftwood. Landed face-first in the seawater! Oh, it was so funny! We all had a good laugh."
			Charlie cringed almost imperceptibly. "Your friends laughed at you when you slipped like that? That's a shame." he said, trying to sound sympathetic.
			"Oh no, it's okay." she began, verbally backspacing. "They helped me back up, we just all laughed it off."
			"Still..." Charlie said, putting on puppy-dog eyes. "It makes me sad to think your friends would find it funny at all. I just don't understand how people could laugh at someone so kind."
			Bea looked unsure of herself, but nodded along. "It's okay, it... they meant no harm by it."
			"Oh no, please don't misunderstand, I'm sure they didn't. It's just a shame is all." Charlie replied, smiling nervously. "I'm sorry, I never meant to imply..."
			"Oh no, it's okay! Sorry, I know you weren't saying that." Bea cut in.
			Charlie smiled. They arrived back at Bea's place.
			"So, this is you." he said, smiling.
			"Hah, yeah... this is me..." she blushed.
			Charlie placed his hand on her chin, and her eyes flickered with excitement.
			"Forgive me... but you are so beautiful." he said, laying on his charm.
			"I... thank you so much. You're... you're really handsome." she replied, her breath quickening.
			He leant in, close enough for his breath to warm her lips, but stopped short of kissing her. "We should definitely do this more often. I'm free whenever you are. You know I'll always have time for you." he said, before letting go of her chin and walking away. Bea took a moment to collect herself.
			"I... yeah, I'll... I'll see you soon." she said, catching her breath and heading back inside.

		Charlie begins
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Back in Algiers, Ivan and a few other KGB operatives stood in the office of President el-Bennani.
			"Once more, my eternal thanks." the President said, smiling.
			"All in a day's work, Mr. President." Ivan nodded deferentially.
			"Now... I understand, working with the KGB comes with strings attached, no?" he tilted his head.
			"Give me everything you have on Hattab. And..." Ivan hesitated. "Any files containing a specific word."
			"What word?"
			"Optimates." Ivan said, his brow furrowing.

			It was the dead of night, now. Connor and Sparky re-entered their flat, and crept in softly.
			"Where the *FUCK* have you been all day?" Amy snapped. Connor jumped.
			"Hey, sis... sorry, I, uh... lost track of time with this one." he quickly lied.
			Sparky trotted over, then jumped up and licked her. "Hi, Amy! We had a great time in Algeria! We're proper heroes!"
			At that, she melted, and cuddled him, before sitting down.
			"Sorry... should've phoned." Connor said shyly.
			"Yeah, no shit. After what happened before? I've been sat here panicking all evening, worried that you'd done another disappearing act. And why wasn't your phone ringing?"
			"I, uh... it was dead." he quickly covered. "I'm sorry."
			"Are you bringing Sparky on Syndicate business?!"
			"I--" he stammered, trying to think of a lie as quickly as possible. The best one had a kernel of truth.
			"Yeah, I am." he admitted.
			"What?!" she snapped. "What the hell is wrong with you?!"
			"It's not what you think!" he cut in. "He's not in any danger. It's for recon."
			Not a lie. Sparky was an excellent scout, and... well, an entire convoy of soldiers hadn't been a danger to him so far.
			"Recon?" she tilted her head. "What the hell do you need a wolf doing 'recon' for?"
			"Uh, well... he's trained to alert if people are nearby." he hurriedly explained. "Plus, he's got a great nose. Good for sniffing things out. And you've seen how smart he is."
			"So, what, you--you steal a dog from the Patriots, and then exploit him for--"
			"It's not exploiting." he cut in. "I--I mean, he likes being helpful. Besides, I reckon deep down, he enjoys screwing the Patriots as much as I do."
			She threw her hands out by her sides, exasperated. "I was already pushing it by letting you bring a fucking *wolf* into this place to stay. Taking him with you for this, though?"
			"Where else was he gonna stay?" he countered. "As for him coming along, would you *prefer* I leave him here, home alone, all day? Come on, you know how clingy he is."
			She sighed, and released her shoulders. "Just... please, don't scare me like that. Not again."
			"I won't." he vowed. "I'll... I'll keep you in the loop from now on."
			"Good." she nodded. "And... promise me you'll be careful with him. It's a big world out there - a dangerous one. If he gets in a fight, they'll put him down. I know you don't want that."
			Connor shook his head. "I'll always protect him. You have my word."
			She sighed. "Look... I get things have been weird, ever since you went missing. But this? And the steroids?"
			"Steroids?!"
			"Don't try and deny it. I've seen how much protein shake you drink. How else do you explain all the muscle you've put on since you came back?" she cocked an eyebrow.
			"Amy, I swear to you, I'm not using steroids." he said firmly.
			"Swear on something important. Because you're not being so honest with me lately." she sighed, folding her arms.
			"...I swear on my granny's grave, I'm not using steroids."
			She scanned his face, and faltered. "Alright, I believe you."
			She looked down at Sparky, who had been sitting patiently throughout the argument. She tried not to, but couldn't stop the smile.
			"I'll see you both in the morning."
			"Yeah." he smiled softly, before heading to his room. He let out a deep breath, and ran his hands through his hair.

			The Swiss Alps always looked beautiful. But at night, they were simply gorgeous.
			Dr. Eugene Neumann knew this, of course - that's why he chose a penthouse with a balcony. He let the cold air fill his lungs, as he closed his eyes and took it in.
			He was a tall man, with olive skin and sweeping hair. His black-veined eyes were subtle - far less prominent than the average Super-Agent. Indeed, he could easily pass as human.
			His serenity was interrupted by a noise in his ear.
			"Monsieur Neumann, Seigneur Oxford est ici. Il souhaite vous parler de toute urgence."
			"Merci beaucoup, Maria. Faites-le monter."
			He sighed wearily, and clenched his jaw subtly. Then, the door opened.
			"Dr. Neumann." Oxford began.
			"Lord Oxford." he muttered. "To what do I owe the displeasure?"
			"You fucked around with my coup in Algeria, that's what." Oxford snapped back. "What kind of game are you playing?"
			"I suppose you expected me to just let you run roughshod over my mother's homeland, then?" Neumann snarked. "After your stunt in Geneva... I'm done humouring you."
			"Geneva was a rogue element, I assure you." Oxford sighed.
			"Oh? Then you've killed the Commandant and purged PaladinCorp?"
			Oxford scoffed. "I don't have to justify myself to you. Your machinations have set my plans back by weeks, if not months. Do I need to remind you of your... obligations?"
			"Do *I* need to remind you that I am not your puppet?!"
			Oxford leaned in, his glasses falling slightly. Behind them, his pale brown, almost yellow eyes, pierced into Neumann's.
			"If you want out, doctor, then get out. We can replace you with someone more... amiable."
			Neumann grinned like a fox. "Oh, little lord... Save me the bluster. You might think you're winning now, but sooner or later, Barrett will learn what's really going on. When that time comes..."
			Oxford's lip curled, and his eyes flashed a brilliant violet. Immediately, Neumann began choking, as though an invisible hand gripped his throat.
			"Think very... *very* carefully... about what you say next, Neumann." he snarled.
			"You--agh! You think I don't have a--a backup plan?" he spat. "I die... all your dirty business goes public."
			"Bullshit." Oxford scoffed.
			"Web servers... hidden over the world... release everything without my intervention..."
			"You're bluffing." Oxford shook his head.
			"Then call my bluff, little lord..."
			Oxford's intangible grip tightened, before it released, and his eyes settled back to yellow. Neumann coughed a little, but stood up straight.
			"I've always admired you, Neumann. Your tenacity, your cunning, your flexibility... you have always impressed us, despite your... humble origins. But if you continue to irritate me... I'll kill you, and deal with the consequences myself. Understood?"
			Neumann looked him in the eyes, his own pupils shrinking.
			"Get the fuck out of my house." he growled.
			Oxford scoffed, turned, and left.
			Neumann sat back down, catching his breath.

		Conspiracy stinger

	Sandstorm
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The morning sun poked above the horizon. Atop the block of flats, on the roof, Connor sat cross-legged, eyes closed, almost meditating. Black veins criss-crossed over his eyelids and down to the top of his cheeks.
			He took a deep breath, and felt his vocal chords move and twist in ways unnatural to a human. Experimenting, he let out a noise.
			It sounded... strange. Not unpleasant, but he could feel the noise wrap around his body and float across the rooftop. The sound went through his ears, but it was almost like he could see it. He 'looked' down into the flats beneath, seeing the people below going about their morning routines.
			Echolocation. He chuckled, and turned it off.
			"That'll come in handy." he muttered to himself. He then twitched his eyes, and opened them, before looking around. The inky blackness on his veins drained rapidly, and the veins themselves ceased their protruding and sheathed beneath his skin.
			"You okay?" Sparky asked, plodding over. "That was a funny noise."
			"Yeah. Just experimenting with our super-senses. So far, I've found echolocation, thermovision, and if the fact that I can spot people's phones and computers is any indication, we can also detect electromagnetic fields."
			Sparky tilted his head, relying on their telepathic link to figure out what he meant. "So, we can see with our ears?"
			"Kinda! Try it. Use your throat." Connor nodded encouragingly.
			Sparky shuffled, then let out a howl that echoed through the city. Connor giggled, and stroked his packmate affectionately.
			"Did I do good?!" Sparky yapped excitedly.
			"Hah, yeah, not bad at all." Connor grinned, before demonstrating the effect again. This time, Sparky replicated it flawlessly.
			"Nice one, bud!" Connor smiled warmly. "Now, put your super-vision on, and look downwards."
			Sparky did so, and they both could see humming auras throughout the complex.
			"Phones. TVs. Computers." Connor pointed them out. "Electromagnetic vision. I can also see us, too - our natural bioelectric fields."
			"That's what those things are? Cool!" Sparky yipped, licking his packmate.
			"That also explains the pigeon-sense." Connor chuckled.
			"What, we can detect pigeons?" Sparky tilted his head.
			Connor laughed. "That too. But have you ever noticed, when we're out, we know exactly how to get home? Pigeons can do the same thing by detecting the Earth's magnetic fields. That's why flying over to Algeria and back felt so weird."
			Sparky nodded, enjoying the lecture.
			Connor looked out at the rising sun, and saw a strange violet halo appear around it. He squinted, and realised it wasn't quite violet at all - but there were no words beyond "strange violet."
			"Ultraviolet vision, too." he whispered, awestruck.
			"Hm?" Sparky tilted his head.
			"I can see colours I couldn't before. I can't see much ultraviolet, or infrared for that matter - but there's gotta be *some* benefit. Oh, that reminds me!" he gasped, before getting a colour chart on his phone. "How many colours can you see?"
			Sparky looked at it, and shrugged. "16?"
			"Yeah, same. Just... Dogs can't see as many colours as humans. I thought, if I can see infrared and ultraviolet, even if only a little, then surely you can see the same colours as humans."
			Sparky nodded. "Oh, you mean the weird violet and red thingies when I focus my vision!"
			"Yeah, that's the one." Connor chuckled. He pulled the 200-dinar souvenir from his pocket, held it in the air, and dropped it out of his hand.
			Immediately, his eyes flashed red again, as the black veins returned. Time slowed down to a crawl, as he watched the coin drop down at no more than a twentieth of the speed.
			"Coooooooonnnnnnoooooooorrrrr" Sparky said, comically extended by the power. Connor tried to chuckle, but breathing in felt like a strain, as his lungs crawled open. His heartbeats were seemingly minutes apart. Finally, he let time resume.
			"Jesus..." he muttered. "Well, that'll be nice in a firefight, for sure."
			"What is?"
			"Super-reflexes." he sighed nonchalantly.
			He leaned back, and let the sun begin to shine over him. He yawned.
			"You're tired again?"
			"Nah." he shrugged. "Just... using the super-senses. It wears me out."
			"I get that too." Sparky nodded. "It makes the headaches worse, as well."
			"Same with the armour I used in Algeria. I guess actively triggering these powers is a little draining."
			"You say that as if running and punching isn't draining." Sparky noted.
			"That's... a very good point." Connor nodded. "Is it really a superpower if it's part of our biology? Hell, what even *is* our biology anymore?"
			Sparky looked off into the distance. "There's still so many questions out there. Why can we talk? Why can't other mutants hear me? What made us different? What's in those syringes?"
			"And who the fuck are these people?" Connor added. "And why did they kidnap me? Not to mention, why do other Super-Agents have those weird black veins on their eyes all the time, but we only get those when we use our powers? Why don't their eyes turn red?"
			Sparky nodded, and stretched himself. "Anyway... that can wait. I'm bored. Can we do something?"
			"Well, we have no plans until later. Ivan texted me a place to hit this evening, and I need you to do some scouting while I'm out. And the first payment from Hattab just came in, so to pass the time... wanna go shopping?"
			"Shopping? What's that like?"
			"We'll go to a pet store. If you see anything you like, we'll buy it. It's high time you got spoiled." Connor grinned.
			Sparky yapped excitedly, and the two descended to the ground.

			Across town, in an expensive house in Caldermouth, a man in his 60s made a phone call.
			"Good evening, Commandant." he began.
			"Report, Dorsey." the Commandant said gruffly.
			"The City Council's put pressure on me to find a certain vigilante killer - the traitor." Dorsey said, a hint of nerves in his voice. "But... I think I can keep the inquiry under wraps."
			"How so?"
			"Well, we have to be seen to assign officers from murder squad onto the case. There's a has-been in the department - a DI Naismith. There's also a new rookie. I'll put them on the case, and the whole thing will remain unsolved."
			"You really think such high-profile killings will be ignored just like that?"
			"Oh, not to worry sir - as long as I keep pestering them for a result, the politicians can tick their boxes and this whole thing will be ignored."
			"And if the 'rookie and the has-been' end up finding something?"
			"Then I'll stonewall them."
			"You'd better." the Commandant growled, before hanging up.

			The shop bell rang as the twin Werewolves sauntered in. Sparky looked around in awe.
			"Oh wow! This place is amazing! So many smells, and food, and plenty of other animals..." he beamed.
			"Haha... let's go have a look, bud!" Connor smiled warmly. Their first point of call was the reptile aisles.
			"Wow..." Sparky gasped, making direct eye contact with a ball python for sale. "Weird!"
			Connor smirked, and joined in the looking. The python moved its head rapidly, trying to get a good look at the pair.
			"Ah... pythons see heat, like we can. And our temperatures are pretty high, so maybe we're freaking him out." Connor whispered softly.
			Sparky shrugged, before activating his own thermovision.
			"He's freezing cold in there!" he gasped. "We need to help him warm up!"
			"No, it's fine!" Connor said quickly, before catching the look of a confused fellow shopper. He awkwardly herded Sparky away, before kneeling down next to him.
			Sparky's glowing red eyes faded to their normal yellow. "Doesn't he need our help?"
			"Snakes and other reptiles are cold-blooded." Connor whispered. "So their body temperature should be the same as the room they're in. Also... it's for the best if you don't use super-vision in front of other people. Is that alright?"
			"Oh, okay!" Sparky barked affirmatively, before the pair walked onwards to the rodents and rabbits.
			"Not food." Connor whispered sharply.
			"I know." Sparky grinned. He sat down, and looked at the rabbit pens, smiling giddily. As they hopped around, he laughed like a child. Connor couldn't help but crack a big smile too.

			That evening, in a cluttered desk in Drackhill police station, DI Naismith sipped his coffee. PC Chowdhury nervously approached.
			"DI Naismith, sir? PC Nina Chowdhury, sir." she said timidly.
			Naismith stood, smiled, and extended his hand. "Good to see you again, PC Chowdhury. How can I help?"
			Nina smiled, and shook his hand. "New case just came in, sir - the Chief Constable himself asked me to deliver it to you."
			"They've got PCs doing admin work now? Bloody budget cuts." Naismith chuckled.
			"Tell me about it, sir." Nina replied, still smiling, placing the files on Naismith's desk. "Sir." she nodded respectfully as she left.
			Naismith read through the files - the words "Vigilante Killings," "Redbridge Gangs," "Unnatural strength and stamina," and "Experimental steroid usage?" were visible. He sighed. 

		Enter, Naismith
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was evening, now. Connor overlooked a group of Super-Agents - each one with the tell-tale black-veined eye sockets of genetically enhanced super-soldiers. Scanning the warehousing unit with glowing red eyes, he watched their visible heartbeats become big red bullseyes in his field of view.
			He descended, moving faster than any human could follow, dropping down into the middle of the group with a sickening crack of bones. The Agent he landed on was now a heap of gore.
			The fight was brutal and fast. Connor tore through them, his punches and kicks landing with devastating precision. He didn't hold back - they weren't people, not anymore. They were weapons, and they needed to be neutralised.
			His vision blurred as he took a punch. His legs felt heavy, the pain in his hamstring felt sharp - he was strong, but not invulnerable.
			One Agent lunged at him, a blade flashing in the moonlight. Connor caught his wrist, twisted, and snapped the man's arm in a single motion.
			Another Agent charged from the side, but he anticipated the attack, sidestepping and landing a crushing blow to the back of the man's skull.
			As Connor finished off the last Agent, police arrived on the scene. Bullets tore through the air, grazing Connor's chest.
			Connor sprinted away, but Naismith aimed his pistol. "ARMED POLICE!" he shouted, and his shot hit its mark - Connor's hamstring.
			The bullet ripped through Connor's flesh.
			The pain was sharp, but Connor kept running. His legs ached, but they still carried him forward. He stumbled slightly, but didn't stop.
			Naismith watched in disbelief. He muttered under his breath, his eyes wide in stunned confusion. "How the hell...?"
			Connor sprinted down the alley, but before he could fully escape, a motorcycle cop zipped into view. The officer tased him from behind, sending a shock of agony through his body.
			Connor recoiled, gasping, the pain sharper than the bullet wound. But his instincts kicked in, and he fought through it, turning just in time to kick the officer in the face. The officer's helmet shattered, and he slumped unconscious.
			He grabbed the officer's motorbike, revved the engine, and sped off into the night, weaving through traffic with reckless abandon. The chase was on, but Connor knew how to lose them. He sped toward the pier, and with one final burst of energy, drove straight off the edge.
			The cold water swallowed him whole. He swam through the murky depths, his body already healing the minor injuries.
			Within moments, he surfaced, gasping for air, and quietly made his way back to shore.

			Connor arrived at his flat, soaking wet but otherwise unharmed. As he entered, he saw Sparky sitting by the window on his brand new dog bed.
			"Rough night." Connor shrugged. "How did yours go?"
			"Good!" Sparky replied, tail wagging. "Found a place where a bunch of bad men were gathering. Heard one of them say "They'll be at the hog and hounds tomorrow at 10" - I don't know what that means, but it sounded important."
			"Hog and Hounds... That pub was being extorted by Slater's men last I heard. Tommy says that now Slater's in prison, his gang is looking to rejoin the Patriots."
			"Does that mean we're going to fight?" Sparky asked, smiling devilishly.
			"Not we. Me." Connor shook his head. "Tommy's told me there's been an increase in Patriots harrassing folks. I need you to do pattrols around Belson. If you see anyone from the Patriots - or anyone else, for that matter - getting up to trouble, then maul 'em."
			"Even better." Sparky replied, a glint in his eye. "And you'll be at this pub of theirs?"
			"That's right." Connor said. "Last thing we need is Slater's lot making a comeback with Patriot backing - or, God forbid, getting their hands on those syringes."
			Connor looked outside, lost in thought.
			"The cops were on my tail faster than usual - they almost caught me this time. I think they're getting lairy."
			"Is that bad?" asked Sparky.
			"If they find out who we really are, very." Connor said matter-of-factly. "I'm seeing Ivan next week - I'll see if he can pull some strings."
			Connor's vision blurred for a second, the pain from his hamstring and the lingering shock from the taser flooding his mind.
			"Oh, and... remember, no killing."
			"You don't have to keep reminding me." Sparky replied.
			"I know..." Connor sighed. The corpses of his foes shot into his mind, almost taunting him.

			A whizzing, then banging noise shook him from his stupor.
			"Ahh! What was that?!" Sparky barked fearfully. "Gunshots? Grenades?"
			Connor smiled. "Come to the roof."
			The pair of them ascended to the top of the complex.
			Fireworks.
			"I completely forgot." Connor chuckled. "It's Bonfire Night."
			"What's that?"
			"An old human celebration." he began. "Hundreds of years ago, on this very night, a man called Guy Fawkes tried to blow up Parliament - that's the building where we make our laws."
			"Why would he do that?"
			"He didn't agree with the laws they were passing." Connor shrugged. "The plan was they blow up Parliament, killing the king and his government, and then organising an uprising, replacing the king with a Catholic."
			"What's that?"
			Connor chuckled. "You remember when I told you what 'religion' was?"
			"Those stories humans tell about where the world came from?"
			"Yeah, well remembered!" Connor smiled warmly. "The fight was between Catholics and Protestants - two different kinds of Christians. Where I grew up, in Derry, there's something similar - though it's not really about religion, that's just where the lines get drawn. Anyway, that's a story for another time."
			"So why do we have these 'fireworks,' then?" Sparky tilted his head.
			"Oh yeah - that's where we started, before I went off infodumping." Connor grinned. "So, the plot was foiled. Parliament never got blown up, the king survived, and Fawkes was killed. After that, every year, we start a big fire, and burn a little doll of him, before sending fireworks to blow up in the sky."
			Sparky paused, deep in thought.
			"Human celebrations are weird. First that 'halloween' thingy, now this..."
			"You'll like Christmas." Connor grinned. "We have a big meal."
			"How soon is Christmas?!" Sparky asked, eyes widening.
			Connor chuckled, and laid back, watching the fireworks. One detonated uncomfortably close to an airship, which blared its horn in reaction. Sparky smiled, enjoying the pretty colours from their viewpoint.
			"Hmm..." he mused. "Maybe it's not *so* bad..."

		Bonfire Night
		______________________________
		SCENE
			A white van pulled up in a pub car park. The rain spattered down onto the city, providing an ambient noise as the van door slid open. Out hopped a group of men, with shaved heads and tell-tale leathers identifying them as Slater's former goons. They sauntered into the pub - the Hog and Hounds.
			"Pints, please." their leader - a large, burly man with a protuding gut - barked at the barman. He hurriedly poured out their drinks. The men leant against the bar, their eyes darting across the room.
			"Oi." one snarled. He was a young, skinny man, whose attitude implied he thought he was a hardened thug. He pointed at a young man - one who had committed the apparently unforgivable sin of "being black in public."
			"What's that doing in here?" the leader snapped. "The Patriots'll be here soon. You trying to piss us off?"
			"N-no." the barman stammered. "I... I didn't see him."
			"I--I'll go." the young man said, rising.
			"Too right you will." the skinny one grinned as he left. "Boss, you want me to teach him a lesson first?"
			"Leave him, Colin." the leader shrugged. "Rest of you lot - out."
			The other patrons left - some muttering discontent, others going pale in fear. Either way, the pub cleared out. The barman headed into the basement, ostensibly to "check on the barrels."

			As the people filtered out, their heartbeats were heard by something - two somethings, in fact - perched on a roof overlooking the pub.
			Connor and Sparky's eyes glowed an eerie blood-red, scanning the site. Their augmented vision showed the world as an utterly alien picture of sound, smell, sight, thermals, electricity, and more.
			"So... 15 of them, total - is that right?"
			"Yes, well done! You're getting better - it's all about trusting your first instinct." Sparky replied, smiling. "Your senses usually get it right the first time - don't overthink it."
			"And... the older, fat one - he's been drinking, hasn't he?"
			"Yes! He smells of it. You're getting better at sniffing things out!" Sparky said proudly.
			"Well, super-senses have to have *some* advantages."
			"Wait 'til you sniff that nice lady Chloe's butt. You'll never be happier." Sparky innocently smiled.
			"I... I appreciate your flirting tips, but I think I'll stick to human interactions." Connor replied, smirking.
			"I'll let you know when she's in heat if you like!"
			"Yeah... I don't think humans go into heat."
			"Oh. You guys are *weird!*"
			Connor chuckled. "Anyway, you'd better go."
			"Where are we meeting tonight?"
			"Back at the flat. Amy's working in the tattoo place again tonight, so we don't have to sneak around as much." Connor nodded.
			"Okay. See you!" Sparky yipped, and leapt from rooftop to rooftop to begin his patrol.
			Connor rose, and rolled back his shoulders. He felt his red hoodie shudder and shift into the black kevlar suit. The visor once again covered his eyes, and he took a deep breath.
			He dropped from the second floor, landing onto the concrete below with a thud. His legs bent slightly with the impact, but he didn't flinch. He was getting better at ignoring what would kill a human.
			He sauntered in casually through the doors.

			"Oi. Private party, cunt." one barked.
			Another grinned. "You know Halloween was last week, right? Still... nice ninja costume."
			Connor chuckled. "Thanks. I think it could use some more red, though."
			A hulking man walked towards him, drawing a switchblade. "I can help with that." he growled.
			Connor's fist shot out like a bullet, smearing the man's nose across his face. He threw him to the ground, and looked at his knuckles.
			"Thanks! It looks better already." he quipped.
			"GET HIM!" the skinheads roared.

			The first man swung a knife toward him. Connor dodged, stepping into the strike and driving his fist into the man's gut, winding him. The man stumbled back, gasping for air. Connor didn't wait for him to recover; he swung a brutal right hook to his chin, sending him crashing to the ground.
			A kick exploded from him, sending one man flying back into his comrades. He dashed in, lifting one by the chest and slamming him into a table, breaking it.
			Without breaking his rhythm, Connor grabbed the third man by the leg, lifting him into the air like a ragdoll and launching him at the fourth. The collision knocked both men to the ground, and Connor moved forward, faster than they could react.
			"DIE, CUNT!" another screamed, smashing a barstool over the back of Connor's head. He fell forwards, catching himself on his hands, before spinning around like a breakdancer. His legs swept his assailant's, throwing him aside. As the hapless thug was midair, a hammer strike from Connor landed into his abdomen, sending him diving downwards onto the ground. He made a pathetic groaning noise as the wind shot out of his lungs.
			He grabbed the fifth man's baseball bat, ripping it out of his hands with ease. With a single, fluid motion, he spun around. The tip of the baseball bat struck right into the man's temple, and his eyes rolled back as he collapsed.
			Before he could carry on concussing skinheads, he heard the unmistakable sound of a shotgun being cocked.
			Chk-chk! BANG!
			The pellets tore into Connor's abdomen. He staggered back, pain flashing through him as his body slammed into the wall behind.
			He gritted his teeth, pushing through the pain as he slowly rose to his feet. But before he could fully recover, he heard another BANG!
			This time, the shotgun was aimed directly at his face. The blast ripped through his features, and Connor's seemingly lifeless body crumpled to the ground.
			The gunman smirked. He turned to his remaining men, barking orders.
			"Clean up this fucking mess! Last thing we need is looking like a bunch of pussies when the Patriots get here!"
			One of the goons, grinning, stared at Connor's body. "Would a bunch of pussies kill that little wanker?"
			Another voice chimed in, panicked. "Fuck that - we need to get out. The cops will have been called by now - you fucking shot him!"
			"It was self-defence." the gunman growled. "The little fucker tried to start shit, and we retaliated."
			He paused, glancing down at Connor's motionless form. "You know, this is the wanker that's been giving the Patriots trouble. But you know what, cunt? You don't look so tough."
			Just as he leant in to gloat, Connor's eyes snapped open, glowing with an unnatural red hue. Where the prior glow was measured and studious, this one was feral. Demonic. Like they were on fire with rage.
			Without warning, Connor's hand shot out, grabbing the gunman by the throat with terrifying strength. The man choked, his eyes bulging in panic as Connor effortlessly slammed him to the ground.
			The gun clattered away, but Connor grabbed it with one hand, holding it by the barrel, and began to beat the gunman's head into the floor with savage force. The sickening sound of bone cracking filled the room as the man's skull collapsed.
			The other men, now trembling in fear, screamed and scattered like rats, rushing out of the pub as fast as they could.
			Connor's breath came in heavy, ragged gasps as he stood over the remains of the gunman.
			His hand was slick with blood, and his hearts were still pounding with adrenaline. His eyes slowly faded from glowing red to their normal steel-grey colour as he regained some semblance of control.
			He looked down at his hands, now covered in the man's blood. His body shook involuntarily, and he stumbled back, retching violently. The bile rose in his throat, and he vomited on the floor.
			He took a deep breath, steadying himself. Reaching up, he morphed his mask back into place, covering his face, and then stood, a little unsteady, before walking to the bar.
			He poured himself a pint, his hands still trembling slightly. He wiped the blood from his palms with a rag, his eyes briefly flickering toward the lifeless body of the gunman.
			He shook his head, trying to banish the thoughts. But they stuck, clinging to him like a second skin.
			"Am I becoming one of them?"
			Connor shuddered, pulling up his mask to expose his mouth, and taking a long drink from his pint. The bitter taste did little to wash away the gnawing sense of guilt.
			Suddenly, the door crashed open. Police officers stormed into the pub, assault rifles raised.
			"For fuck's sake!" Connor growled under his breath, tossing the pint aside and diving out the window in one fluid motion. Glass shattered as he leapt, just as bullets tore through the air, filling the space he had just occupied.
			He landed in the alleyway below, but the officers were quick to follow. Connor sprinted, instinctively grabbing onto a nearby wall. His fingers latched onto it, and for a moment, he just stood there, eyes wide in realization.
			He looked down at his gloved hands. The costume's gloves had morphed into a special adhesive, allowing him to scale the wall with ease. As this was active, his eyes burned red once more. Without a second thought, he began to climb, moving up the building like a spider.
			As he reached the top, he took one last glance down, ensuring no one was close. He caught his breath - apparantly worn down from using the adhesive power - before sprinting across the rooftop, disappearing into the night.

		Hog and Hounds - Shotgun Scene
		______________________________
		SCENE
			DI Naismith was standing in the Hog and Hounds in forensic overalls, while FI's took photos of the gunman's corpse. He shook his head and stepped outside. He beckoned Nina, who was speaking to a paramedic.
			"Any word on the unconscious vics?"
			"No sir." she began. "But they'll live. Their wounds were superficial - pretty bad concussions, but no permanent injuries."
			"Good - hopefully we can get statements from them once they're able. And - remind me to charge them when they wake up. Victims or not, they're still all part of Slater's gang - I can bet they've got outstanding warrants." Naismith said, taking off his forensic suit.
			"Yes sir." she replied. "The runaway we grabbed is currently at the station, awaiting interview."
			"Excellent." Naismith smiled, lighting a cigarette. "Let's see if we can find the bastard that did this."
			"Sir." she nodded, and headed into the police car.

			Connor stumbled into the flat, went into the bathroom, approached the mirror, and un-morphed his mask.
			His face was torn and bruised, but healing. The shotgun pellets grazed right off of his skull, only tearing his flesh - and he knew his flesh healed quickly.
			He sighed, running his hands through his hair, and ran himself a bath.
			He closed his eyes, and felt his clothes liquefy and re-enter his pores. He wondered what, exactly, that morphing process was - but dismissed the pondering, and laid down in the bath.
			The water was hot for a change - courtesy of Hattab's blood money letting him afford to keep the heating on. Connor couldn't help but smirk - knowing that a would-be tyrant's legacy amounted to a nice, hot bath.
			Then, the image of another human's death cut into his frontal lobe. He let the guilt wash over him with the water. He let himself feel it.
			And crucially, he didn't think to reach for his gun this time.
			His ears pricked up as Sparky crawled in through the window, shaking him from his stupor.
			"Connor? Are you in?" he barked out.
			"I'm in here - in the bath." Connor shouted.
			Immediately, Sparky's paw pushed the door handle, and he trotted in.
			"Whoa - Sparky, I'm in the bath!" Connor abruptly covered his groin with bubbles.
			"Okay?"
			"I just... I'm naked." he said, his face red.
			"So am I?" Sparky replied, again confused.
			"It's... no, that's fair."
			"That reminds me - why do humans have detachable fur?" Sparky asked, inquisitively.
			"Well, we get cold without clothes on."
			"Okay. Anyway, I've finished patrolling."
			"How did it go?"
			"I got the bad men, and, well - let's just say, they won't be going out again soon." Sparky grinned.
			"How badly did you maul them?" Connor asked, concerned.
			"Bad enough to leave scars on the face - but they'll live."
			"Good lad. Anything worse than that on normal humans could be a problem."
			"How did your mission go?" Sparky asked.
			"Could have been worse..." he shrugged. "I found out we can crawl up walls."
			Sparky tilted his head, smiling. "That'll be handy! Saves us taking the stairs."
			Connor chuckled, before turning grim. "I got shot in the face with a shotgun, and all it did was piss me off. But like... I lost control. I killed a man."
			"One of the Agents?"
			"No, a normal human... I regret that. I mean he had it coming, but still... I don't like killing normal humans."
			"Why is that?" Sparky asked, tilting his head. "I mean, you're fine when we kill the Agents."
			"Well... part of it is because killing is always a bad thing, no matter what." Connor began. "Killing is okay if the other person is a threat to your life - and normal humans aren't a threat to us. Hell, as I learned tonight, even shotgun blasts to the face can't kill us. Even having a gun is no longer justification for us to kill them - because we don't have to kill them to stop them from being a threat. But the Agents, the men like us..." Connor's face hardened. "They are fair game. They chose to be this way, not like us - and as far as we can tell, they're at the very least friends with fascists, if not fascists themselves. They're super-human, and can't be contained the way normal humans can. Normal people, even bad normal people, can be knocked out and locked away and no longer be a threat to anyone. The freaks with the black eyesockets? There's no way to stop them from being a threat, save killing 'em."
			Sparky thought for a moment before replying. "So, killing is only okay if there's no other way to stop them from hurting people?"
			"Yeah, that's it." Connor nodded.
			"But you said you lost control - clearly your instincts took over. And like I told you, your instincts are usually right. Maybe there was no other way?"
			"There was. I could have stopped long before I killed him. But I wasn't with it. I need... I need to retain control in future."
			"I get it. But... Don't feel bad, okay? You wouldn't have done it if you could."
			"...I guess you're right." Connor replied, getting out of the bath. "Anyway - let's watch some movies, yeah?"
			"Ooh yes! Can we watch a horror movie? They're so cool and scary!" Sparky asked, wagging his tail.
			"Haha, sure - but no howling this time, the neighbours will complain." Connor grinned, morphing on a hoodie and shorts.
			"Okay!" Sparky replied, jumping on the sofa. "Can we have popcorn?"
			"Sure." Connor smiled, taking out a bag. The two sat down.
			Connor let out a deep breath.
			"What's wrong?" asked Sparky.
			"Last time I accidentally killed someone, I tried to kill myself that night." he said pensively. "I don't know if my current mindset is a sign that I'm mentally better... or worse."
			"Better." Sparky said firmly. "Okay, fine, killing people isn't great. But if people don't want to be at risk, they shouldn't pull big guns on us when we show up. He wanted to kill you. If it had worked, he'd be happy. So why mourn someone like that?"
			"It still feels... wrong." Connor sighed. "But you're right. No use mourning a Nazi, either way."
			"That reminds me." Sparky tilted his head. "I've heard you say that word a few times. What's a 'Nazi'?"
			Connor thought for a moment. "Nazis are people who believe that their 'race' is superior, and other races must either be enslaved, eradicated, or otherwise removed."
			"'Race'?"
			"Yeah... 'Race' is a made-up idea we humans came up with to justify fighting each other." Connor continued. "Most Nazis believe that the superior race is called 'Aryans' - humans with pale skin, blonde hair, and blue eyes."
			"Why does that make them superior?" Sparky asked, head tilted.
			"It doesn't. It's all bullshit used to justify cruelty."
			Sparky thought for a moment. "So, the bad men we fight - they want to kill anyone who doesn't look like them?" he asked.
			"That's right." Connor nodded.
			Sparky tilted his head. "That includes our pack, doesn't it?"
			"Yeah, that's right... If the Nazis had their way, they'd kill all our friends. And, to be fair, they'd kill me too for being autistic."
			"Then we need to kill all of them." Sparky growled. "No one threatens our pack like that."
			Connor chuckled, and scratched Sparky's ears. He pushed his head into Connor's palm.
			"We will, buddy. We'll take them all down." Connor vowed.

		Hog Aftermath
		______________________________
		SCENE
			In a police interview room sat a young man. His solicitor, an aged man with a sleepy demeanour, was sat next to him. DI Naismith entered, and pressed the 'record' button. Nina sat next to him. She began.
			"Police Interview of Mr. Colin Nichols, in the presence of his solicitor, Mr. William Burleigh, by Detective Inspector Naismith and Police Constable Chowdhury. For the tape, please identify yourselves."
			"DI Naismith."
			"William Burleigh." the solicitor said, slowly - like he was half-asleep.
			"Uh--Colin Nichols."
			"PC Chowdhury. Colin Nichols, you do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."
			"I--I swear, I didn't do nothing." Colin began.
			"Let's start from the beginning." Naismith interjected. "You and your friends were at the Hog and Hounds when the incident took place. What were you doing there?"
			"I, uh... we were... we were having a drink."
			"Really? Perhaps you could explain why witnesses say you and your friends told them to leave, or there'd be trouble?" Naismith replied.
			"No, no... it... that was Rick. He'd been drinking. He didn't... He was a rough drunk."
			"Ah yes, 'Rick' - Richard Danes. The deceased. Did you know he was carrying a sawn-off shotgun before the incident took place?"
			"N-No, no - he just..."
			"My client strenuously denies having any prior knowledge of planned unlawful activity. He was assaulted by a masked man who murdered his friend in cold blood. Perhaps you should be looking for him, Detective?" the solicitor added.
			"Oh, believe me, I want nothing more than to catch the man who did this." Naismith replied, feigning shock at the man's words. "And to do that, I need to understand exactly why your client's friend was attacked by him."
			"He--he was a fucking animal!" Colin sputtered out.
			"Oh?" Naismith asked.
			"Yeah, he... That guy, I've never seen someone do that... He came in, knocking men out like it was a game. We didn't stand a chance." Colin sobbed.
			"But you were unharmed. Why is that?"
			"My client has been through a clearly traumatic incident. Are you making an insinuation?" the solicitor asked, his face reddening slightly.
			"Not at all." said Naismith, leaning back. "I merely wish to understand the events that took place."
			"He... I was round the corner. God... god knows what he would have done if Rick hadn't shot him." Colin whispered.
			"And what happened when Rick shot him?" Naismith leant in.
			"He... he hit the wall. But he landed on his feet. He stumbled. And then Rick shot him in the face." Colin trembled.
			"Then where was his body? And who - or, what, killed Rick?"
			"He did!" Colin shouted. "He got back up, and his eyes... Oh Christ, his eyes! He was the devil himself! The fucking devil!"
			"It's alright, take your time Colin." Nina interjected, her voice full of motherly concern.
			"Shut the fuck up, you paki!" Colin shouted. She pulled her head back. "That monster - he beat Rick's skull in! And you're asking me this bullshit!"
			"Enough!" Naismith shouted, silencing Colin. "First, you will not use that kind of fucking language against my colleagues. Second - I am asking you these questions because you are a wanted criminal in connection with several robberies, who witnessed a murder. Colin Nichols, you have not said anything this evening that has affected your charges, and therefore, I will hand you back over to Theft who will interview and charge you with these offences."
			"Wait!" Colin pleaded. Naismith smiled - his gambit paid off. "I'm telling you the truth. You don't believe me? When I was running, I saw you lot shoot at him - and he still ran away. How did he do that? You're telling me not one of your bullets hit?"
			Naismith sat back down. "I'm listening."
			"That thing... he was more than human. I've heard rumours - men who take this new drug, some steroids or something - and become strong enough to break a man's skull in one hand. This guy... he was like that, but 100 times worse. Slater... He was meeting some guys who'd taken it when he got nicked. Those guys got killed by this psycho, yeah? Look at their bodies - please." Colin explained.
			"Thank you for your cooperation - interview terminated." Naismith replied. Nina turned off the recording.
			"Does this mean I get to go?" Colin asked, hopeful.
			"Absolutely not, you little shit." Naismith snapped, leaving abruptly with Nina. They both headed to the office.
			"...Sorry you had to go through that." he began.
			"Hm? Oh, you mean what he called me." Nina replied, with only a slight change in her cheerful demeanour. "It's okay... I'm used to it, sir."
			"It's not." Naismith sighed. "This country... racist idiots like that make up half the government."
			"And that whole bit about superhumans - what a load of rubbish!" Nina added.
			"Well..." Naismith began. "This man definitely isn't normal."
			"Sir?" she asked.
			"When we were after him at Swanny's, I shot him in the hamstring. Everyone says I missed, but I'm sure I got him - he reacted. He slowed down, stumbled a bit, but... he kept on running." Naismith shuddered. "I don't know of any steroids that could do that. Do you?"
			"No, sir... It sounds way above my pay grade." she replied.
			"That, and the skinhead we found in Belson with his head punched off... Something doesn't add up. Maybe we need outside help." he pondered, stroking his chin. "I'll talk to the chief tomorrow morning. You'd better get off."
			"Very good, sir." Nina nodded. "See you tomorrow."
			"Night." Naismith smiled, staring at his computer screen.

		Interrogating Colin
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The next morning, Connor, Trey, and Sparky were out in the park. Connor was throwing a ball for Sparky.
			"Hah, he's a really good boy, eh?" Trey smiled warmly.
			"Yeah - the best." Connor grinned, throwing the ball far.
			As Sparky ran back, he spotted a golden retriever with a stick.
			He ran over, and snatched it out of the golden's mouth. "Mine!" he barked.
			"Oi! Sparky!" Connor shouted in disapproval. The golden tried to take it back, but Sparky growled.
			"No. Mine." he snarled, baring his teeth.
			Connor sprinted over, and grabbed Sparky's scruff.
			"Sparky. *No.*" Connor said firmly.
			Sparky whined, and dropped the stick. Connor walked him back to Trey.
			"Bad boy." Connor scowled.
			"Sorry... I just wanted the stick. I got carried away..."
			Connor sighed, and knelt next to him. "Listen, bud... You can't do that. You wouldn't like it if that dog took your ball from you, would you?"
			"No..." Sparky agreed.
			"Exactly. So, don't do that, okay? It's not nice. Not at all." Connor said firmly.
			"I won't do it again, I'm sorry." Sparky nodded.
			"Good boy." Connor smiled slightly.
			"Good boy!" Trey beamed. "I get it, buddy. You were just excited, eh? Got carried away, didn't you?"
			"Yeah! Exactly! Can you hear me?" Sparky asked, hopeful.
			"Aww, bless him." Trey said. "You know, it's weird... But I feel like he can understand me."
			Connor smirked. "He can. He's a very clever boy."
			The trio continued walking.
			"So..." Connor began. "What's new?"
			"Not much." Trey smiled. "The repair shop's doing well. I got a raise."
			Connor thought back to the money IES would have given to the Syndicate, and smiled. "Good - sounds like I should have stayed there!"
			"You should have. It's gone downhill since you left..." Trey lamented. "We're short staffed most days now. Tommy's decided to close the shop down on Tuesdays and Thursdays to save man-hours."
			"I'll talk with Tommy - I'll pop down the shop and work the odd shift here and there." Connor smiled.
			"That'd be really good - you can get oily with us peasants again." Trey chuckled.
			"Yay, me." Connor groaned, then laughed.

			That evening, Connor and Sparky arrived in Wickermast - an old industrial town to the east of Drackhill city. They sneaked over to the outside of a derelict warehouse.
			"You ready?" he asked.
			"Ready as ever." Sparky nodded. The chitinous armour sprawled out and hardened over his fur.
			The two entered, and saw a squadron of Super-Agents, who immediately raised their guns and began shooting.
			Like lightning, the two Werewolves darted outwards, and in seconds were in melee range. Connor morphed a blade from his wrist, and forced it through an Agent's skull.
			Sparky, meanwhile, was quick at work - a well-timed swipe physically removed an Agent's face from his head. A flurry of teeth and claw tore through another pair, leaving a red mist as he dove through.
			Connor slashed a pair of throats, before hearing a familiar noise.
			CHK-CHK!
			He darted as fast as he could, but Magnum slugs buried themselves in his face, causing his head to snap back. He fell backwards, the concussive wave rattling his brain.
			Sparky didn't waste any time. He pounced, and roared in bestial rage.
			"GET AWAY FROM HIM, YOU MONSTER!"
			The Agent's cries of agony cut through the air. Connor regained consciousness, and rose to his feet.
			"Sparky! You okay?" he asked, slurring slightly.
			"I'm okay!" Sparky barked back, panting. "I think that's the last of them."
			With that, they went further into the facility, and saw a crate of syringes. More super-serum, no doubt.
			Connor shattered the crate, letting the dark red fluids drain out onto the ground.
			"I wish we could learn what this shit is." he mused.
			"It's our blood." Sparky answered nonchalantly.
			"...wait, what?"
			"You didn't know?" he tilted his head. "Smell it."
			Connor hesitated, but did so. It smelled very clearly like his blood - or like Sparky's. Hints of it were noticable in the Agent's blood, too.
			"One mystery at a time." he muttered. The pair turned to leave.

			Once outside, Sparky stopped in his tracks.
			"Can you hear that?" he asked.
			"Uh... yeah, I'm getting it." Connor replied, squinting. A low, mechanical humming noise was approaching them.
			"Cars, perhaps?" he guessed.
			"No. It's in the air - maybe a flying machine?"
			"We'd better go." Connor nodded. The two prepared to leave, but in mere seconds, the noise was upon them.
			Blinding light shone over them. They covered their eyes, and looked up.
			Some sort of headlight, attached to a massive drone. It was shaped like a small plane, with rotors embedded in the wings. Connor heard the unmistakable sound of a backblast.
			"GET DOWN!" he roared, as both dived forward. A missile landed mere feet behind them, detonating. Explosive force slammed into them, knocking them into the ground.
			"RUN!" Sparky barked. The pair scrambled to their feet and started sprinting.
			The drone spun around almost gracefully, and gave chase from above.
			A small compartment on its underside dropped down, and a machine gun popped out.
			A hail of bullets rained down, burying into Connor's back.
			"AGH!" he screamed, as he stumbled down. He forced himself to keep running, as a second missile fired out. It landed right in front of him, the shockwave launching him backwards.
			"Connor!" Ivan barked over his earpiece. "What the fuck is going on there, bratan?"
			"Drone! Some kind of drone!" Connor roared back. "Sparky, you alright?"
			"I'm fine!" he shouted over. "Let's just get out of here!"
			Connor nodded, and the pair continued their sprint. The drone's gunfire echoed through the street, each shot carving out a chunk of tarmac from the road.
			Finally, a third missile smashed into a parked car next to Connor.
			"FUCK!" he shrieked, as it sent him and the car flying forwards.
			"CONNOR!" Sparky roared, as he watched in horror. Connor landed first, and the car sailed right onto him.
			The drone hovered ominously, watching. The car scraped along the road, and... it didn't fall. It stayed hoisted at an angle.
			And then, it raised in the air.
			Connor's eyes burned crimson, as he screamed in animalistic fury. He pushed the car in the air, spinning it, and grabbed the back axel, before launching it forward.
			The drone launched its remaining missiles, but a second too late. They hit the car just as the car hit it.
			The explosion shattered nearby windows. Connor and Sparky slammed into the road, as the blazing wreckage crashed down.
			Connor choked on his blood, and crawled over to his packmate.
			"You alright?" he spat.
			"I'm okay..." Sparky coughed, rising. At that, the sound of sirens approached, and a police van pulled up.
			"ARMED POLICE!" the officers roared.
			"Fuckin' typical..." Connor muttered, before standing up. His scarlet eyes bored into their souls.
			"See that?" he barked, motioning to the fires behind him. "I just did that."
			He stepped forward menacingly.
			"Want me to do it again?"
			The officers shook in their boots. Connor heard their heartbeats quicken, and grinned savagely.
			"Step aside. You do *not* want to be in my way."
			"Open fire!" one shouted. Bullets whizzed through the air, and Connor dashed forward like lightning. He grabbed one officer by the feet, and swung him around, knocking down two. A haymaker took out the fourth, and Sparky bit the jacket of the fifth, launching him in the air. Finally, a kick made the sixth fall down like a bag of bricks.
			The two Werewolves looked at each other, and sighed. They scaled up to a rooftop, and vanished into the night.

		Fetch with Sparky
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The sun hung in the sky, obscured by dark grey clouds. Drackhill's miserable autumn atmosphere hadn't changed.
			Connor dragged himself out of bed, his whole body still aching from the drone attack the night before. He pulled out his burner, and phoned Ivan.
			"Afternoon, tovarishch." Ivan began. "How are you feeling?"
			"Like death." Connor groaned. "What was that thing?"
			"A prototype counter-terrorism drone." Ivan answered clinically. "You remember those mercs in Algiers?"
			"PaladinCorp?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Da." Ivan audibly nodded. "From what I heard, the drone itself was manufactured by Eidolon Dynamics - it's an American arms company. They have a contract with Paladin. I'm looking into the connection - see who's pulling the strings."
			"Whoever it is, they like giving things ominous names." Connor snarked. "What next, Nemesis Industries?"
			"Don't tempt fate..." Ivan grinned. "I'll let you know what I find."
			"Nice one. Laters." Connor smiled, hanging up. He gently shook Sparky.
			"Ugh... is it morning already?" he groaned.
			"Afternoon." Connor chuckled. "Come on, let's go get some food before patrol tonight."
			"Food?" Sparky perked up. "Let's go."
			Connor grinned, and morphed on some comfortable clothes.

			"Look who decided to wake up!" Amy grinned, setting down a cheese and ham toastie on Connor's table.
			"Look who decided to get off her arse and serve me." Connor snarked back. "Is a 10 minute wait normal for this?"
			"Shut up or I'll spit in your coffee." she laughed, before kneeling down. "Hey, buddy!"
			"Hey, Amy!" Sparky chatted back. "Thanks for the food, I feel much better."
			"Aw... chatty boy." Amy cooed. "By the way, did you guys drive in?"
			"Yeah, couldn't be arsed walking." Connor shrugged. "Why?"
			"You'll struggle getting back." she began. "Heard on the news - the flyover's collapsed. Town's gridlocked."
			"Oh, shit." Connor said, scratching the back of his head. "Is anyone hurt?"
			"A lot of cars fell through." she nodded grimly. "Could be really bad."
			Connor paused, his eyes darting away for a second before turning back.
			"We'd better head off now then. Don't wanna sit in traffic for hours on end."
			"You'll have to drive out into Blackmarsh and then back around." Amy chuckled. "I'll probably get home before you do."
			"Ha, ha." Connor grinned, rising. "Have a good one, sis."
			She smiled, and headed back inside.
			The pair stood. Sparky looked up.
			"Superhero time?" he asked wearily.
			Connor chuckled. "You're on recon - I'm on rescue."
			Sparky smiled. "See you tonight."

			Connor arrived at the scene - one side of the carriageway was slanted several feet lower than the other. Several cars had crumpled into one another. A white delivery van hung half over the broken edge, its rear wheels spinning uselessly in the air. Firemen were working frantically beneath the fractured concrete, trying to stabilise the structure while paramedics treated the injured. Down below, a news reporter was talking to a cameraman.
			As Connor scanned the wreckage, his mind raced. The break looked violent - concrete torn open, steel rebar jutting out like exposed bone. Could it be linked to the conspiracy? He studied the fractured supports for a moment longer, searching for signs of an explosive force. He shook his head. Too many coincidences. And right now, speculation didn't matter. People were still trapped.
			"As you can see, Liz, a section of the Drackhill flyover has collapsed during the lunchtime rush. Emergency services are attempting to reach several motorists believed to be trapped beneath the fallen carriageway. At present, there's no official explanation for what caused the failur--oh my god!" the reporter gasped, as Connor vaulted over the cordon.
			"Hey, wait! You can't--" a fireman meekly protested, before going pale as Connor gripped the twisted frame of a crushed hatchback. With a sharp pull, metal screamed in protest. The door tore free in his hands.
			"Oh my God, thank you!" the man in the driver's seat exclaimed.
			"No worries." Connor nodded, smirking beneath his mask.
			"A masked man - the same one seen at the Mason Court fire, by the looks of it - is assisting rescue efforts..."
			As he spoke into the camera, Connor moved over to a second vehicle. The driver had managed to crawl free, but the passenger was stuck. A worrying trail of blood had run down from her hairline to her temple, but mercifully, her chest still heaved. Connor grabbed the door and ripped it off with his hand, before a morphed knife cut through the seatbelt, and he hoisted her free, handing her over to the paramedic team.
			"Mum! Please, someone help me!" a child's voice cried out. Connor pounced forward.
			There, a group of firemen struggled with a slab of fallen concrete pinning down a woman, who sobbed in pain. Her son pawed at the rubble, trying desperately to help as rock cut into his palms.
			"Move! Let me!" Connor barked, before crouching down, and wedging his fingers beneath the cracked edge. Muscles tightening, he lifted. The slab rose just enough for them to drag her clear, and a duo of paramedics arrived with a stretcher.
			"Hey... thanks." one of the firemen nodded, catching his breath.
			"No need." Connor shook his head. His hearts skipped their beats as he recognised the face, and his consciousness flashed backwards to his horrific reanimation.
			For a second, or an eon - trauma will do that to you - he was back in the Blackmarsh rubble, after the monsters tried to bury him away. And he was lifting this fireman up by the neck, consumed by demonic rage and pain.
			"Uh... you okay?" the fireman asked, nervously rubbing his helmet.
			Connor cleared his throat.

			"Yes, it appears he's actively helping emergency services extract those trapped in the wreckage. This is... astounding." the reporter continued, his voice wavering between professionalism and disbelief.
			A deep groan echoed through the air, as Connor looked up. His eyes flashed again, as his super-senses turned the world to greyscale.
			The upper section of the flyover shifted, the fractured support beam above beginning to bend further. Dust rained down, and the fireman by his side gasped in horror.
			"You... you're..."
			Like a blur, Connor moved, shoving the fireman and the child out of the way, before leaping a few feet in the air - just in time to catch the falling segment of road.
			As he landed down, he felt the joints in his arms and legs buckle and crack. And if his spine could talk, it would call him a prick. His feet smashed down into the tarmac below, making new, bootprint potholes.
			His muscles burned as he forced his arms upward, halting the collapse inch by inch.
			The remaining crew looked up in shock and awe.
			"Don't just stand there! Move!" Connor roared.
			"You heard the man! Go!" the fireman barked. His team quickly rushed past, their adrenaline giving them the strength to pull open locked car doors and drag casualties to safety.
			"Holy shit... tell me we're getting this!" the reporter gasped.
			"Yeah, we did, we..." the cameraman replied, stunned. His lens zoomed in, focusing on the impossible sight.
			A man - or something looking like one, at least - holding up a section of carriageway with his bare hands.
			"Liz... Liz..." he stammered, recovering, "I... I don't quite know how to describe what we're seeing. The masked individual appears to be physically supporting the collapsed structure while emergency services clear the area."

			Connor's muscles rippled as his bones ached. Pain radiated through him, washing over like a wave.
			He strained. He struggled. He couldn't keep it up.
			"Fuck... fuck... GGGRAAAAGH!" he howled, his eyes flashing a brilliant red. He pushed, the segment hoisting further into the air.
			"CLEAR!" the fireman barked out. It was music to Connor's ears.
			He planted his feet, and threw the chunk of road upwards, before darting out of the way. It slammed into the ground with enough force to shake him.
			Paramedics rushed over.
			"Uh... sir, are you..."
			Connor breathed out, and chuckled.
			"No, I'm really not. I broke a nail."
			The paramedic tilted his head, before walking off.
			"...well, *I* thought it was funny." he shrugged. At that, the reporter hurried towards him.
			"Hi - hi there... Zack Powell, Channel One News - do you have a moment?"
			Connor froze.
			"I just want to ask - how did you do that? You must have some kind of... well, super-strength."
			Connor remained silent, staring at him through the mask.
			Noise crackled over Zack's earpiece.
			"Oh, shit... For fuck's sake!" he shouted, yanking the earpiece out. He tore off his mic and threw it to the ground.
			"What?" the cameraman asked.
			"They're cutting the whole segment. No reason why." He ran a hand through his hair in frustration. "You wouldn't happen to know--"
			He turned back toward Connor - who had vanished.
			"Fucking superheroes..." he chuckled, before picking up the mic.

			Connor stumbled into the flat, aching all over. He laid down on the sofa, and closed his eyes.
			"How'd it go?" Sparky asked, jumping up and curling into a ball on his lap.
			"You wanna know something funny?" Connor began, stroking his packmate's ears. "I got back to my car - it had a fuckin' ticket. I almost wish it got written off at the flyover."
			Sparky chuckled, not quite knowing what that meant - but knowing his best friend was joking.
			"How about you? How was recon?"
			"I found a spot where they were keeping more serum." he began. "Out in the moors. Seemed heavily guarded though."
			"I'll call Ivan - we'll attack tomorrow night." Connor nodded. "Let's get some sleep, eh?"
			"Sounds like a plan." Sparky smiled, licking him. The two grinned, and fell asleep.

			Later that evening, Zack was leaning against a wall in an alleyway, with a middle-aged man pacing before him.
			"Adam." he began. "We have to publish this."
			"For the last time, Zack, I'm ordering you to drop it." Adam replied, looking over his shoulder.
			"For christ's sake! You saw the footage! This is big. A superhero. A literal superhero!" Zack protested.
			"Shut up!" Adam snapped. "Listen, you can't just say things like that out loud."
			"I'm a journalist, Adam. It's my *job* to say things like that out loud."
			Adam sighed, and rubbed his temples. "Zack, there's something big going on. I'm only saying all this to protect you."
			Zack scoffed. "And that's my point! There's something big going on. We're a public broadcaster! It's our duty to--"
			"Zack!" Adam snapped again. "We've been ordered to drop it. If you can't do that, you have to leave. Before you put us all in deep shit."
			"What's that supposed to mean?" Zack pushed.
			"Stop asking me that." Adam sighed.
			"No." Zack rose. "Fuck this. I'm going to report this, whether you want me to or not."
			At that, a large man in combat fatigues emerged from the darkness.
			"I was hoping you'd say that." he growled, grinning menacingly. His eyes were black-veined - a Super-Agent.
			"No! Please!" Adam protested. "He doesn't mean that!"
			"Adam?" Zack asked, shaking.
			"Shame. Can't take any chances." the man smirked, before pressing a rag against Zack's face. He struggled for a moment, before going limp.
			Adam squeezed a stress ball from his pocket, refusing to look at what was happening.
			The man hoisted Zack onto his shoulder. "You have your orders, I have mine." he said to Adam, grinning. He walked out, and bundled Zack into a car boot, before entering the driver seat, and speeding off.

		Channel One News

	Hogs to the Trough
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Autumnal evenings in Drackhill were often grim, and tonight's, it seemed, would be no different.
			The sky gods had clearly decided to add some variety to the valley's night - you could almost feel their laughter as hail crashed down from the heavens.
			Despite this, the city still needed its monstrous heroes. No rest for the virtuous, it seemed.

			"*DIE!*" Connor screamed, delivering his blade right into a battered Super-Agent's heart. At the same time, Sparky's jaws tore the head off another, while a satisfying *KK-BOOM!* noise punctuated Ivan's sniper fire.
			"Command, this is Zulu 7! We're pinned down here! Need reinforcements!" one Agent barked into his radio, just before the twin Werewolves pounced on him. In moments, they reduced him to paste.

			Just outside the city, in an armoured van, sat a radio operator, hearing the screams of his Agents. The black veins around his eyes darkened with mutant adrenaline.
			"HQ, this is Command Post 8-4. Request deployment of Crusader unit."
			"HQ copies. Crusader unit en-route."

			The bullet slammed right into Connor's head, making his ears ring as he stumbled backwards.
			The shooter grinned, but not for long - Ivan's return fire made his head pop like a grape.
			"Connor! Are you okay?" Sparky asked, rushing over.
			"I'm fine, buddy." Connor smiled, forcing himself to rise. "Looks like that's all of them."
			"Nice work, tovarishchi." Ivan praised over the radio.
			The hail came down heavier, now, as the ruins of the field post fell eerily quiet.
			"Come on, let's see what they've got." Connor beckoned, as the trio advanced into the site. Upon entering, they saw a host of crates.
			The two Werewolves sniffed the air, and nodded.
			"Serum." Connor noted. "Shitloads, too."
			"Enough to build an army." Ivan said grimly, stroking his beard. "I'd love to know where they get it from."
			"It's our blood." Connor shrugged. "Or at least, it smells like it. There are certain scents that normal blood doesn't have. The Agents have the same smells, just in a smaller amount. God knows where they're getting our blood from, though."
			"Fascinating..." Ivan cocked an eyebrow, before cracking a crate open. "But even aside from that... where are they getting the soldiers from? It's not like we're fighting Afrikaners - these aren't Paladin mercs, they're locals."
			"Two options, I guess." Connor began. "Either they're skinheads, or former British soldiers themselves."
			"God knows." Ivan sighed, before placing down some C4 charges. The trio cleared the room, and Ivan pulled his detonator.

			Immediately, the post went up in smoke, before the flames died down. The smell of burning mutant blood filled the air, and the two Werewolves grimaced.
			"Good work tonight, you two." Ivan smiled. "We'd better scram, before the police show--"
			Before he could finish, a motorcycle ripped into the site. Its rider - a Super-Agent encased in a metallic exoskeleton - hopped off.
			The three immediately re-assumed their fighting stances.
			"Who the hell are you?!" Connor barked.
			He was answered by the iron warrior raising his arm, pointing a wrist-mounted gun right at him. It fired something - too big to be a bullet - right at him. Connor dashed out of the way, avoiding a direct hit, only for the world to turn red and fiery.
			A grenade. Their attacker had a grenade launcher built into his arm.
			The blastwave rocked Connor's bones against his musculature, while Sparky dug his claws into the mud beneath and skided a pace away. Ivan hit the deck, before rolling down the hill and darting into cover.
			"Good evening, traitor." the Agent smirked under his helm.
			Connor coughed and spat blood, before rising. His suit rippled and tore, hardening into chitinous armour and claws. His eyes flashed red, ready for the kill.
			"Let's kill this guy already!" Sparky barked, likewise shapeshifting.
			"Couldn't agree more." Connor nodded, before the pair charged.
			The Agent snarled, and drew something from a sheathe on his hip - a blade. As Connor entered melee range, he swung.
			Connor's senses slowed to a crawl as the agony ripped into his arm. This wasn't a normal blade - its edge oscillated at ultrasonic frequency, sawing into his flesh. At the same time, an electric current coursed through it, which danced across his skin before jolting in, sending scorching pain straight into his neurons.
			Were Connor his usual self, he'd crack a joke about what kind of insanity must have driven the creation of this device - some bastard child of a chainsaw and a stun baton, squeezed into a machete - but instead, he howled in unimaginable fury. He delivered a strike to the Agent's chest - one whose movement through the air made an almost booming noise through sheer force - and it landed right on the Agent's breastplate. He felt his knucklebones crack, as they pushed hard enough to leave a noticable dent in the metal chestpiece. To his dismay, he watched the force radiate out through the metal and settle in the edges of the piece, leaving the Agent's ribcage - and heart - uninjured.
			The Agent skidded backwards from the force of the hit, and swung his blade down, flinging the chunk of flesh it had torn from Connor's arm to the ground. It made a sickening squelch as the red mush became one with the black mud. The blade hummed, almost hungry for more.
			A hail of gunfire slammed into the Agent's cerametallic carapace, each bullet either ricocheting or skimming off.
			"Yob tvoyu mat..." muttered Ivan, holding his SMG and scowling.
			Sparky howled in furor, and pounced at the Agent. He shoved him to the ground, and pinned him down with his paws.
			Connor rushed over, and delivered a stomp to the helmet. And another. And another.
			At the fourth stomp, the world went pitch black, and he felt his body betray him.
			From his vantage point, Ivan watched in horror as the electromagnetic pulse crackled through the air, and his comrades convulsed and collapsed.
			"Chyort!" he gasped, holstering the SMG and pulling his sawn-off shotgun from his rifle. He charged forward, and delivered both barrels into the Agent's centre mass. The Agent fell backwards, dazed but otherwise unharmed.
			The Werewolves struggled to their feet, beaten but not broken. Their eyes flashed a deep blood-red, and they caught their breath.
			At that, a convoy of ARVs pulled up at the site. Officers in tactical gear poured out.
			"Blyat..." Ivan cursed, pulling down his balaclava.
			"ARMED POLICE! DROP YOUR WEAPONS!" their leader roared.
			The Agent grinned sadistically under his helm, and aimed his grenade launcher at them.
			"GET DOWN!" Connor screamed, diving right in. He knocked the Agent off his feet, and the bomb detonated merely a few feet away from the group.
			The cops were knocked down prone by the blast, as was Ivan. Meanwhile, the three melee fighters took the force of the hit directly.
			Sparky, who had been closest, went flying a few feet in the air, before crashing down into the mud, unconscious. Connor landed near him, before forcing himself to rise.
			"SPARKY!" he howled, only to choke a little. The shockwave had knocked out a few of his teeth, which he quickly spat out, along with blood and bile. He crawled over to his packmate, and pressed his hand against his chest.
			Sparky heaved his lungs, forcing them to breathe. He was bloody and ragged, but alive. Connor turned to the smoke cloud as it disappated, and saw the Agent rise.
			The explosion had damaged enough components to leave his launcher inoperable. Instead, he drew his blade, turned, and began to run.
			"Oh, no." Connor whispered, his eyes burning bright once more. "You don't get to survive tonight."
			He dug his heels into the mud, feeling his Achilles tendons flare and ripple with renewed stamina. He burst from his position, kicking up dirt as he ran through the hail-ridden moors of Blackmarsh.
			Ivan rushed over to Sparky, who struggled to his feet. The cops, some wounded from the shockwave, took aim at the pair. Ivan picked up his canine comrade, and dashed over to the Agent's motorbike. It tore off after Connor and his quarry.

			Trey sighed as he took a sip from his beer, sitting alone in a booth in the Singing Horse.
			He pulled out his phone, and called Amy.
			"Yo, dickface. What do you want?" she asked.
			"Fuck you too. Do you know where Connor is?" he nonchalantly bantered back.
			"He said he had work to do in Blackmarsh." she audibly shrugged. "Why, has he not got to you yet?"
			"No, and he's not answering his phone." Trey sighed. "You out tonight?"
			"Yeah, I'm on a date. She'll be here any minute." Amy replied.
			"Ah, so I've been reduced to drinking alone." Trey chuckled.
			"Eh, just call it a night."
			"...nah." he shook his head.
			"Hm?"
			"I'll wait for him. If... if he were here, and I was running late... he'd wait for me."
			Amy smiled warmly. "Yeah... you're a good mate, Trey."
			"Oh? Is that a compliment I just heard?" he grinned.
			"Fuck you. It's the only one you're getting this year." she laughed, hanging up.

			"GET BACK HERE AND *DIE!*" Connor howled, as he and the Agent rushed through the fields of the valley.
			"Connor!" Ivan chimed in over his earpiece. "Are you alright, tovarishch?" 
			"I'm fine! How's Sparky?"
			"Recovering. We've taken refuge in the woods nearby. What about our new friend?"
			"He's running." Connor panted between gallops. "He's fast - about as fast as me."
			"It's the armour. We heard rumours - some prototype exoskeleton being developed by Paladin - think they called it 'Project Crusader' or some khernya. If you can deactivate the suit somehow, the man inside is just another Agent - should be easy work at that point."
			"Got it." Connor replied, gasping for breath. He forced himself to push forward, driven by murderous rage. In his peripheral, he spotted something on the horizon.
			A train. A high-speed train, zooming over the railway.
			The Crusader picked up the pace, as did Connor. The pair arrived at the railway just as the train crossed paths.
			"So long, traitor!" he roared, jumping a few feet in the air. He pressed his boot against the side of the train, and it made a clamping noise as electromagnets in its soles switched on. He clambered to the roof of the train.
			For a second, the Crusader caught his breath, amazed to be the first of his kindred to survive an encounter with the famed Werewolf. His heart sank, however, as he heared the pounding of metal across the carriage from him.
			Connor gripped onto the train's roof, and snarled viciously.
			The Crusader scowled, and redrew his blade - it crackled in the air as its teeth began to spin once again.
			"Come on then, traitor. Deus Vult."
			"Shut the fuck up." Connor spat into the air, before chitinous blades formed at his wrists. He morphed buckler shields from his forearms, and leapt forward, the momentum of the train launching him towards his prey.

			The clambering of the two combatants shook the train's passengers from their boredom.
			"What's that?" one child asked her mother.
			"It's... it's probably nothing." she replied, trying to look out the window.
			Then, an stun-sword cut through the metal ceiling, before tearing a gash into the train's hull as it ripped back upwards, flinging sparks into Connor's eyes. The passengers screamed in shock and fear.

			Connor stumbled backwards, blinded and dazed. He regained his senses to the sound of a signal bell clanging in the air. He turned around just in time to see a metal flag slam right into him, shooting him forwards - right into the Crusader's blade. The vibrating metal cut through his abdomen, impaling him.
			A normal man would've died. Hell, an abnormal man would've died.
			Connor merely snarled in animalistic fury. He spotted an upcoming tunnel, and knew exactly what to do. 
			He wrapped the Crusader into a bear hug, jumped a foot in the air, and dived back down - right into where the blade had ripped into the train moments before.
			They crashed down into the carriage, with Connor's hands wrapped around the Crusader's neck. He leaned in close - too close for the Crusader to grip the hilt of his blade.
			He gave out a raspy breath, before firing up his EMP.
			Connor arched backwards, convulsing violently, as passngers screamed in pure terror. The train's brakes slammed on, and Connor flew backwards, hitting the intercarriage doors. The blade, poking through Connor's back, stabbed into the door, before dislodging. The Crusader sauntered forward, and grabbed it, smiling viciously.
			The train ground to a halt, and the passengers poured out like bees from a burning hive.
			The Crusader slashed his blade forward, cutting across Connor's chest. He weakly rose his arms, and his bucklers shattered on impact.
			His mind ran at a mile a microsecond. He had to do something. Now. His eyes darted around, hoping for some kind of idea.
			And then, he lit up.
			"Oh God, please don't kill me!" he screamed, leaping from the train.
			The Crusader grinned, hopping down. "I'm sorry, traitor? Could you say that again?"
			"I'll do whatever you say, just please... please don't kill me..." Connor begged, falling to his knees.
			"Oh, traitor..." the Crusader snarled, raising his blade. "Be thankful I'm only here to kill you."
			With that, Connor pounced forward, wrapping his arms around the Crusader's waist. He felt the blade rake across his back, electricity and metal cutting into him - but he didn't break. Instead, he threw the Crusader as far as he could.
			The Crusader sailed through the air, his blade falling from his hand as he crashed into a metal grate fence. He came to an abrupt halt, smacking into a metallic structure that hummed ominously.
			As he looked around, his breathing quickened with fear.
			Connor grinned, picking up the blade and looking on at the electrical substation his assailant laid upon. He gripped the hilt hard, and threw.
			The blade spun forwards, and embedded itself through the Crusader's gut and into the metal behind him. Its current surged forwards, and then...
			KK-*BOOM!*
			For a brief moment, Connor was blinded by the brilliant light. The blazing inferno was lit by roaring blue sparks, and the stench of burning flesh filled his nostrils. He rushed to the train, and grabbed a fire extinguisher. Pushing on through his exhaustion, he quickly put out the flame.
			He sank back down to his knees, clinging desperately to consciousness. The distant screams of the passengers echoed in the night, as the sound of a roaring motorbike approached.
			Connor sighed, and readied his fists, only to relax at a familiar scent.
			"Chyort voz'mi, tovarishch..." Ivan gasped, impressed. "You don't do half measures, do you?"
			"Grab his body." he wearily replied. "Get it back to your bosses... reverse engineer it or some shit. Find out a way to stop these things without..." he coughed, before spitting up more blood. "...without me having to cause a power cut."
			"Good idea, bratan." Ivan nodded, ripping the blade from the wreckage and hoisting up their latest kill. Sparky trotted over, and licked Connor's hand.
			He smiled warmly, and un-morphed his mask, rubbing his jaw.
			"Hurts, eh?" Ivan asked, with an almost fatherly concern. "I'm sure we can find a good dentist..."
			"It's not that... it feels like they're growing back. Like I'm teething." Connor shuddered.
			"You can grow back teeth?" Ivan cocked an eyebrow.
			"Oh, that's normal. All my teeth fell out when I was a pup, but they grew back pretty quickly!" Sparky chimed in.
			"I, uh... I think that's different." Connor chuckled, before turning.
			"I'll see you soon, chuvak." Ivan nodded.
			"Yeah... call me." Connor sighed, clutching his abdomen in pain. He and Sparky shambled off into the night.

		Project Crusader
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Amy arrived at the booth, with a tray of shots.
			"Oh, good god." Trey smirked, downing his.
			"Oi, you greedy cunt. Those were for me." she snarked, before drinking hers.
			"So... in summary, we've both been ghosted." Trey chuckled.
			"This is like, the third time a girl has just not bothered to show up!" Amy snapped.
			"Wow. Must be a you problem." Trey grinned.
			"Eat a fat hairy dick." she faux-growled.

			"ID, please." Pawel asked. The clubgoers flashed their IDs, and he beckoned them to go inside. Then, he visibly lit up with excitement.
			"Connor!" he cheered. "Jesus, look at your face!"
			Connor awkwardly rubbed his bruises, then chuckled. "You should see the other guy."
			Pawel grinned, then looked down at Sparky. "Oh, hello little buddy!"
			"Hi! Are you one of our friends?" Sparky yapped back.
			"Oh, um... no dogs allowed." Pawel sighed, pointing to a sign at the door.
			Sparky looked up at Connor cheekily. Connor winked, as he let out a distraught howl. Connor played along: "I'm sorry buddy, no dogs allowed."
			Sparky howled again, like a dog that had found it's master dead... or a dog whose master had left for work. Either way, the sorrow was palpable.
			"No, please don't cry, it's okay, I'm sorry..." Connor said, playing it up as much as possible.
			"Okay, okay, fine!" Pawel relented, looking deeply saddened. "You can bring in the doggie. You work for Tommy anyway - I'm sure he won't mind." He reached for his radio. "Be aware, there is a dog in the club - don't throw him out." He put down his radio. "Go on in."
			As soon as they got out of Pawel's earshot, Connor flicked a treat out for Sparky, and whispered "Good boy." as Sparky smiled devilishly.

			No sooner had he arrived in the general area of the booth, before he was pounced upon.
			"Hey! Missed you, man! Where you been?" Trey cheered drunkenly.
			"Hey, bro... Sorry, I was gonna call." he smiled softly.
			"Hey, dickface... I've missed you, you know." she said, trying to sound angry - and failing.
			"I've missed you too - I'm gonna make an effort to come out more." Connor said bashfully.
			"You brought Sparky?" Trey asked.
			"Yeah - figured he'd enjoy a night out." Connor nodded.
			"Hi Trey! Hi Amy! Let's have fun!" Sparky barked happily.
			As the group sat back at their booth, Amy fetched a tray of shots. And another... and then pitchers of cocktails. Over the course of the next hour, they caught up.

			"So... what the fuck happened to your face?" Amy asked in her characteristically tactful way.
			"Oh... well, did you guys see the news?"
			"Yeah, because we watch news reports while getting hammered." Trey snarked, before pulling out his phone.
			"Holy shit!" he gasped, showing Amy. "What happened to you?"
			"I was in the carriage next to it." he lied, gritting his teeth. "I was standing when the brakes came on, so I went flying into a wall. Then, I fell out of the train when the doors opened... and then when the substation exploded, I got knocked over."
			"Jesus Christ... did you see the monster?" Trey asked.
			"Monster? That's a fucking superhero, man!" Amy cut in.
			Connor awkwardly scratched the back of his head. "I... it was all a blur. Sparky dragged me out of it."
			"Good boy!" Amy cooed, stroking his chin. Sparky smiled.
			"That's right. I saved the day, all by myself." he grinned. Connor choked away a chuckle.
			"Thought you were busy tonight, anyway?" he asked Amy. "Something about a date?"
			"Oh!" she grinned. "Yeah, she ghosted me."
			"I don't blame her. I mean... it's you." Connor sniped. She raised her fist at him, and he cackled.
			"Oh, what I wouldn't give for the love of a good woman..." she faux-lamented.
			"...do you think the fact that you're a lesbian makes that sentence any less pathetic than if we'd said it?" Trey snarked.
			"Shut up." she grinned. "Oh, by the way - I've invited Chloe and Bea out. Hope that's cool."
			"Yeah, of course it is!" Connor replied, smiling - slightly too keen to see Chloe. He blushed.
			"I like them - they're good folks." Trey nodded happily. "And at least they come to hang more regularly than you two."
			"Yeah, yeah..." Connor said softly. "I'm gonna make an effort to hang out more."
			"Maybe you could pull a couple of shifts at the repair shop?" Trey asked, hopeful. "Maybe, I dunno... a bit of normal, nine-to-five'll do you some good?"
			Connor hesitated. "Yeah, okay. How's next week?"
			"Nice one." Trey beamed. "Now it's just her."
			"I hang out!" Amy protested.
			"Yeah, when you're not pulling split shifts at the tattoo shop." Trey countered.
			"Sis..." Connor began, shifting slightly. "I've got our bills covered now. You don't need to keep picking up the slack."
			"I know." she nodded, before sighing. "I'm saving up. For uni."
			"You're actually gonna apply?" Trey asked, surprised.
			"Yeah. I've been umming and erring about it, but I think I'm gonna go for it." she said, almost tensely.
			"If you need money, or anything--" Connor began.
			"I've got it." she cut in, before breathing out. "Sorry. I appreciate it."

			Not long later, Chloe approached their table.
			"Heya! Missed you guys - good to see you all again!" she said, hugging Amy, and then Trey. She looked at Connor, blushed, and then nervously hugged him. Connor returned the hug, still awkward - but better than last time.
			"Oh, hey Sparky! How are you, buddy?" she smiled, kneeling down to stroke him. "I didn't know they let dogs in here!"
			"They do now." Amy smirked. Sparky sniffed Chloe's hand and smiled.
			"You smell like berries! Have you eaten berries?" he asked, enjoying the scent of her perfume.
			Trey returned to the table, having sneaked away.
			"I hope you ladies are thirsty, because IT'S TIME FOR SHOTS!" he shouted.
			Chloe smiled. "Oh, by the way... Bea's not out tonight. She, um... cancelled last minute. She's gonna go meet her new boyfriend Charlie instead."
			"That sucks." Trey frowned.
			"Jealous, are we, Trey?" Amy chuckled.
			"Yeah, he's jealous of Bea. He wishes he had a new boyfriend too." Connor quipped.
			"Instead, I'm stuck in a loveless marriage with you." Trey laughed, giving Connor a noogie.
			"Trey, we can't break up! Think of the children!" Connor joked, gesturing at Sparky.
			The girls laughed.
			"Are you *sure* you're not gay, bro?" Amy giggled.
			"If I was, do yous think I'd be interested in *him?*" Connor laughed, gesturing at Trey.
			"It's not like you'd have many options, twinkie." Trey teased.
			"Oh my god, he is a twink, isn't he?" Amy giggled.
			"Total bottom energy." Trey concurred, chuckling.
			"Oh, stop it you." Connor said in a faux-camp way, eliciting laughter from the gang.
			He cleared his throat. "So... How was uni, Chloe?"
			"Same old, same old." she smirked. "How about you guys? How have you all been?"
			"Amy got stood up." Trey grinned.
			"Still twisting the knife, are we?" she groaned.
			"Ah, she's missing out." Chloe chuckled.
			Amy cocked an eyebrow. "You know I'm gay? I didn't think I'd mentioned it."
			"I've already told her." Connor cut in. "I outed you in the hopes that she'd turn out to be a rabid homophobe and shun you."
			"I can and will kill you." Amy growled. Connor laughed like a hyena.
			Chloe blushed. "I--Okay, he only outed you because I thought you two were dating."
			Immediately, Trey erupted into a howl of laughter.
			"EW!" Amy shrieked. "Gross! Even if I were straight and he wasn't, you know, my *brother,* I'd still turn him down."
			"Bitch." Connor giggled.
			Trey, who had been cackling wildly up until this point, chimed in.
			"In your defence, Chlo, they don't exactly look related."
			"Yeah, no offense bro, but you don't exactly look like a 'Zhao.'" Amy grinned.
			"Yeah, well..." Connor shrugged, laughing. "Nah, I've got nothing. All I can say is, it's not like you're particularly straight-passing."
			"Yeah, your aesthetic doesn't exactly have a heterosexual explanation." Trey teased.
			"You're lucky you're new." she laughed, turning to Chloe. "You've gotta be in the group for at least a year before they bully you like this."
			"...I think I'll skip out at 11 months, then." Chloe grinned.
			"Don't pity her too hard." Connor chuckled. "One time, when we were kids, we were queueing up to see Santa. What did she do, right before it was my turn?"
			"I told him Santa wasn't real."
			"She told me Santa wasn't real." he nodded, faux-horrified. "So I pulled off his beard and screamed 'IMPOSTER!' Needless to say, I ruined a lot of people's Christmasses that year."
			"Wait..." Chloe gasped, rubbing her temples in shock. "Santa's not real?!"
			The table erupted into laughter, and drank on into the night.

		Normality/Club
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"I don't... I don't know how you do it." Amy slurred, gesturing at Connor - awestruck at his sobriety.
			Connor laughed, before looking around. "Where's Trey?" he asked.
			At that, they spotted him - being led by the hands by a man and a woman, who brought him into a taxi.
			"Looks like he's been selected." Amy laughed. "Right, I'm getting a taxi too - all alone."
			"Womp womp." Connor heckled, waving goodbye to his sister.
			"Selected? For what?" asked Chloe, innocently.
			Connor grinned. "The less said about it, the better."
			She paused, before giggling. "Are you gonna get a taxi?" she asked.
			"Nah, I doubt they'll let Sparky in." Connor gestured. Sparky yawned tiredly. "We'll walk back to mine."
			"Fair enough. Mind if I walk with you? The fresh air sobers me up." Chloe asked, slightly shyly. "I'll walk back to mine after."
			Connor shuffled slightly. "Whereabouts do you live?" he asked.
			"In student housing - there's a block in Caldermouth." she replied, trying to recall.
			"Oh yeah, I know the area. The only nice part of Drackhill." he smirked. "I... I'm sure you can look after yourself, but... to get there from Redbridge, you'd have to go through Belson. And... You're new here, so let's just say, don't walk alone in Belson at night."
			"Is it that bad?" Chloe asked, surprised.
			Connor shuffled again, and gritted his teeth. "If you wanna walk, Sparky and I can walk you to yours? I know the shortcuts and safe spots."
			Chloe pondered for a split second, then smiled. "Yeah, that'd be nice."

			"...and at that point, security kicked us out." Connor chuckled, finishing an anecdote.
			"Damn." Chloe grinned. "So by your standards, tonight was a quiet, chilled one?"
			"Well, Amy didn't break anyone's nose, so... yeah, pretty chill." he laughed.
			She chuckled, then paused. "Um... it's not an issue, me knowing she's gay, is it?"
			Connor tilted his head. "No, why would it be?"
			"Well, I... I don't know, she seemed surprised that I knew. Is it supposed to be a secret?"
			"Nah, not at all." he smiled gently. "It's more... she's had female friends in the past, and you know by now she's a bit of a hugger when she's drunk. Anyway, a while back, one of them found out she was gay, and suddenly every little show of affection got blown out of proportion. So, she probably never explicitly mentioned it to you and Bea in case either of you felt uncomfortable."
			"Oh, that's horrible!" Chloe frowned. "And, for the record, neither of us would feel uncomfortable."
			"I know. We wouldn't be friends with yous if we thought otherwise." he smiled. "I definitely wouldn't've outed her if I didn't know you'd be chill about it."
			Chloe smiled slightly. "If anything, I'd be flattered." she grinned.
			"Ah, the joys of having gay best friends." Connor began, choking down a laugh. "I once asked Trey if he found me attractive - was fishing for compliments. Let's just say, I became very humble that day."
			Chloe giggled. "You guys banter a lot. Like, a *lot.* I mean, Bea and I sass each other plenty, but..."
			"It's who we are." he shrugged, grinning. "We all got bullied a fair amount in school, so... I guess part of it is taking back control. Saying stupid things to each other, and knowing that no one means a word of it. I mean, you saw how we all spoke to each other earlier - but I'd trust both of 'em with my life, no question."
			Chloe smiled warmly. "It's like you're all the opposite of two-faced. Horrible in person, but lovely behind their backs."
			"That about sums it up." he laughed heartily.
			She awkwardly looked down.
			"Um... I didn't wanna ask in front of everyone, but... are you okay?"
			"Hm?"
			"The bruises." she pointed.
			"Oh, it's nothing." Connor replied evasively. "I picked a fight with a train wall."
			She chuckled, before gasping. "You were on the train? The one that got attacked?"
			"Yeah." he shrugged, clenching his jaw. "I'm fine. Just my pride."
			She nodded, and the pair carried on forwards.

			While walking through Belson, a rough-looking man approached.
			"Oi, oi! Lend us a few quid, mate." he said, getting up in Connor's face.
			"I don't carry change, sorry." Connor replied, trying to walk on. The man stepped in front of him.
			"I said, give us a few quid, mate." the man repeated, sniffing slightly.
			Connor sighed. He silently beckoned for Chloe to stand behind him.
			"Listen. I don't carry change." he said firmly.
			"Just give me some fuckin' cash!" the man shouted, grabbing Connor. Chloe gasped.
			"Let him go, now." Sparky snarled.
			"It's alright." Connor said, both to Sparky, and to the man. He grabbed the man's arms, and pushed him back firmly.
			"Enough." he barked.
			The man responded by trying to headbutt Connor.
			Connor ducked aside effortlessly.
			"Please stop!" Chloe shouted at the man. "Listen, I have money, I can..."
			Before she could finish, the man went to grab her. Connor shoved him back again. He hit into a wall, and stared at Connor, almost feral.
			Connor stared back at him. He raised his palm sideways, as though he was calculating. "Chloe, stay with Sparky." he ordered.
			Sparky trotted in front of Chloe's legs, ready to guard her should anything happen.
			The two men circled each other.
			"Calm down." Connor barked.
			The man lunged at him, putting all his strength into a punch.
			Connor darted to the side. He closed his eyes for a split second, remembering his training, and supressing his rage.
			He circled behind the man, reciting a Baguazhang form.
			The man tried to hit him, but every time he turned, Connor darted, remaining behind him.
			The man reached into his pockets, revealing a knife. "Fucking warned you." he growled.
			"Stop it! Look, just take the money." Chloe shouted, throwing her bag at the man.
			The man grinned, and dropped the bag. "Nah. Your boyfriend's pissed me off." he snarled.
			He turned to face Connor, gripping his knife tightly.
			Connor sighed. He walked over casually as the man slashed. Chloe gasped, but Connor grabbed the man's wrist and twisted, causing him to drop the knife.
			Finally, the man swung around, enraged. Connor ducked, grabbed his abdomen, and lifted. He threw the man to the ground, knocking the wind out of him.
			The man coughed. Connor walked over calmly, and picked up Chloe's bag. He knelt down in front of the man, and stared into his eyes.
			"Who's running this place now?" he asked.
			"D-Donovan." the man wheezed.
			"Well, then..." Connor rose. "Tell 'Donovan' that if he doesn't want to end up like Slater, he'll pull back."
			The man nodded, coughing and spluttering.
			Connor beckoned for Chloe and Sparky to follow him. He handed her the bag.
			"That was... pretty scary." she said, releasing her breath.
			"Belson." Connor simply muttered.
			"You, um... You were really brave there." she addded.
			"Eh." Connor shrugged. "My uncle taught me martial arts."
			"That's cool!" Chloe smiled, the tension releasing somewhat. "I wish I could do that."
			
			Without any further event, they arrived at Chloe's flat.
			"Thanks..." she began.
			"No problem!" Connor replied, smiling.
			She looked up to her flat, and hesitated. "Wanna come up for a bit?" she asked. "I mean, if you wanna hang out a little longer."
			"Yeah, sure!" Connor replied. They entered her apartment.

		Walking back to Chloe's
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Whoa..." Connor said aloud, seeing the lavish space.
			"Oh?" Chloe asked.
			"Sorry, nothing... just, your flat is really nice."
			"Oh, this place? It's... yeah, I suppose it is." she said. "I kept telling my dad I would be fine with a normal student flat, but he insisted we get the posh place instead."
			"Well, it's nice." Connor smiled. "It's good that your dad wants the best for you. My uncle was very much the same - he'd move heaven and Earth if it made my life a wee bit nicer."
			"Hm, I suppose you're right." she replied. "Anyway, I'm way, *way* too sober right now" she grinned, opening up a cupboard full of alcohol. "Got these in case Bea and I were gonna have a girl's night one night. Fancy any vodka?"
			"Hah, yes please." he chuckled. "You prefer vodka, don't you?"
			"Vodka and cola is my go to." she grinned. "Not that I mind other spirits, that is..."
			The pair sat down on the sofa and began drinking. Sparky flopped down at their feet.
			"Haha, bless him." Chloe smiled warmly.
			"Out like a light." Connor chuckled.

			"Okay, let's play a game. It's called 'two truths and a lie'. I'll say 3 things, only one of them is false. You've gotta figure out which one's false."
			"Haha, okay, go for it. I'll warn you, I'm very good at picking out liars." Connor smirked.
			"We'll see." she replied, raising an eyebrow and smirking back. "Okay. I won the polo competition at my school, I've travelled to every continent bar Antarctica, and I'm type-1 diabetic."
			Connor thought for a moment. "Wait, aren't polos a mint?"
			Chloe burst out laughing. "It's an equestrian sport."
			"Oh, right..." Connor said, bashfully. He breathed in deep through his nose. "Okay, well... I'm still going to say the polo one is the lie."
			Chloe blinked, surprised. "Really? What makes you say that?"
			"Well, the continent one just seemed too unlikely to be a lie, your bag has a very, very faint smell of insulin coming from it, and, well, my school didn't have 'polo' so I reckon it's a lie."
			Chloe thought for a moment. "My bag smells of insulin?"
			"Not strongly. My nose is very sensitive anyway, and one of my foster-carers was diabetic - it's a distinctive smell, if you know what it smells like."
			"Hm." Chloe replied, deep in thought. "Well, you were right - I never did polo." she chuckled.
			"If it makes you feel better, neither did I. Pretty sure I've had Polio, though." he quipped. They both laughed.
			"So, your travels?" he asked, head tilted.
			"USA, France, Brazil, Egypt, Japan, Australia." she checked off.
			Connor nodded, smiling. "I've always wanted to go to Egypt - see the pyramids and whatnot."
			"They're beautiful." she smiled warmly. "It's a little harder to go since the Islamic Revolution, but they rely quite heavily on tourism, so Cairo's pretty safe."
			He chuckled. "Wish I was as well-travelled."
			"Anyway, your turn. Two truths and a lie. Make it a good one!" she grinned, pouring a fresh drink.
			"Hmm, okay..." Connor thought for a moment. "Alright. I grew up in Ireland, I've never been outside of the UK, and I ride a moped."
			"Oooh..." Chloe thought aloud. "The moped one is a lie."
			Connor grinned. "What makes you say that?"
			"Ireland is still part of the UK, so both statements could be true - but you phrased it as if to say they were mutually exclusive." she grinned.
			"To be fair, a lot of Irish people have tried to change that." Connor chuckled, exaggerating his accent.
			"There's that too. Your accent is subtle - but there's a certain inflection, especially when you make 'oo' sounds - and you say things like 'wee' and 'yous' as well. So, that just left the moped." she explained. "Also, you've driven us in your car before - so it'd be a bit weird to have both. That, and you wished you were as well-travelled as me."
			"Hah... I don't think I sound that Irish." he smirked. "And yeah - I've ridden mopeds before, but I definitely don't ride one *now.*"
			"What was it like? Growing up in Ireland, I mean - not riding a moped." she smiled.
			"Hah - it was... well, I grew up in Derry - on the Bogside. I was 5 or 6 when the War happened." he said, staring off into the distance.
			"Oh god, it's okay, you don't have to..." she frowned sadly.
			"It's okay. I was only little - as a kid, you think the whole world revolves around you. I mean to an extent, it does, doesn't it? Everyone waits on you, feeds you, clothes you, wants to care for you... well, not everyone."
			The stern image of his grandfather's belt jolted into the forefront of his mind. He banished the thought and continued.
			"So, when you see the bombs dropping on your homes, the soldiers gunning down every Catholic, Prods---I mean, Protestants - throwing firebombs through your window... you can only think, 'wow. it must be my fault. I'm such a bad kid'."
			He looked over at Chloe, who had tears in her eyes. He smiled, trying to reassure her.
			"It's all in the distant past now. For me, that is. And... I'm alive. And I think I owe it to the ones who aren't, the other kids... I owe it to them to live my life as well as I can."
			"I'm so sorry... I wish I could hug you right now, but I know you don't like hugs." she said softly.
			"It's okay... I'll take a hug." Connor smiled. They embraced, and continued drinking.

			"What was it like for you, growing up?" he asked, pouring himself another drink.
			Chloe shrugged. "Honestly, I can't complain too much. We always had money, good schools, all that. I'm the younger of two - my brother Victor was always my mum's favourite, though." She smiled faintly. "Dad preferred me."
			She took a sip of her drink.
			"Mum's American - old Russian emigre family, obsessed with status and appearances. Victor was the perfect child in her eyes."
			Connor tilted his head slightly. "And you weren't?"
			Chloe snorted. "Not exactly. I was always the embarrassing one."
			"How come?"
			She hesitated briefly. "Because I was disabled, mostly."
			Connor nodded slowly, letting her continue at her own pace.
			"She was also one of those hardcore evangelicals who thinks suffering builds character." Chloe chuckled darkly. "If she'd had her way, I'd probably have been hidden in the attic somewhere."
			Connor blinked. "Not literally, right?"
			"Figure of speech." Chloe smiled. "Mostly."
			Connor winced sympathetically. "Sounds rough."
			"Dad balanced it out." she admitted. "He always treated me normally. I think that's why Mum resented me a bit, honestly."
			Connor was quiet for a moment before speaking carefully.
			"You don't have to say, but... what disabilities do you have?"
			She took a breath. "I have a condition called Volkov Syndrome. It's a mitochondrial disorder. It gives me epilepsy, diabetes as you guessed earlier, and partial hearing loss."
			She brushed her hair back to show her hearing aids, and smirked. "In the olden days, they'd have just called me 'sickly.'"
			Connor nodded sympathetically. "Does it get in the way much?"
			"I mean, sure, it's frustrating sometimes." she nodded. "Like when I have to lip-read if my hearing aids are playing up, or I have to stop mid-run to check my sugar levels - but I've learned to work around it. I'm lucky, really. All my conditions are corrected with treatments."
			She chuckled, and looked down at her drink. "Realistically, I'm not supposed to drink much alcohol, what with the medication. But I'm fine."
			"Do you get many seizures?" he asked.
			She paused. "Not the TV kind. I haven't had a full convulsive one for nearly a year now. My seizures are mainly focal - so, I might see something in the corner of my eye, or get a tingling feeling, or deja vu."

			Connor nodded. "I get the whole 'family treating you differently' thing, by the way." he said quietly. "My grandad used to treat me like dirt when I was growing up. Especially because it took so long for me to start speaking - all the other kids would be singing along their choirs and prayers, and I'd just be sat there. Needless to say, in such a heavily Catholic community, that didn't go down well. Eventually, he just stopped bringing me."
			His mind flashed briefly to the time, before he banished it away.
			Chloe smiled softly. "You had a speech delay?"
			"Yeah - it's an autism thing." he shrugged.
			"Oh, of course." she smiled, before stammering. "A-as in, that makes sense, n--not 'of course you're autistic', I..."
			Connor laughed. "What gives it away? My inability to notice subtext, my brutal honesty, or my flat, monotone voice?"
			"The constant sarcasm - it's like you're overcompensating." she grinned cheekily. "I can empathise with speech delay, I suppose. I had a bad stutter growing up, but I went to a speech therapist to 'fix' it." she explained, putting 'fix' in scare-quotes. "You've probably noticed my lisp, as well. Ah, the joys of being hard-of-hearing."
			Connor nodded. "Do you know any sign-language?"
			She chuckled. "A little. Since I'm more-or-less fine with hearing aids, I never kept up on it."
			Connor smiled, then signed "Do you understand this?"
			Chloe pulled her head back, surprised. "Uh... Do I... Nah, that's as far as I got."
			He grinned. "I learned it when I was little. When I'd get upset, I'd go mute - but for some reason, I could still sign. So, that's how I'd communicate. My uncle, bless him - he took a whole night course just to become fluent for me."
			Chloe smiled warmly. "That's really sweet. Anyway... sorry for rambling on about this."
			"No, not at all!" Connor smiled. "I'm glad you feel like you can tell me this."
			She chuckled. "This is just me paying you back for the infodump on the hill. You missed your calling as a tour guide, you know."
			Connor laughed, then smirked, signing "Bite me."
			"Well, I definitely got the gist." she grinned cheekily.

			The evening got late, the conversation turned, and Chloe was drunker than before.
			"So, yeah... after that, I stopped believing. Haven't been to church since." she said. Her words were slightly slurred.
			"That's fair. Like I said, I was raised Catholic - though I'm not sure I ever truly *believed*" Connor replied, sipping his drink.
			"Hah... I feel that." she smiled, then paused. "I don't usually open up like this. You make it... easy to talk, I guess." she said, blushing a little.
			"Really?" he asked, surprised. "I suppose I'm a good listener. That, and I'm quite blunt, and as such, predictable - you don't have to worry about telling me something because it's easy enough to figure out how I'll respond."
			She smiled, agreeing with the characterisation. "I'll drink to that." she said, sipping her vodka-cola, and swaying backwards slightly. She thought for a moment.
			"It's funny." she began, her voice quieter than before. "I feel like... like I can trust you."
			"I'm glad to hear that. And you can." Connor replied, happy.
			His chest tightened. "Can she trust me?"
			He banished the thoughts.
			"Hey..." she said softly. Her head was swaying ever-so-slightly, betraying her level of intoxication.
			"You okay?" Connor asked, concerned.
			"Me?" she smiled. "I'm good. How are you?"
			He chuckled. "You wanna go to bed?"
			Chloe's eyes widened, half-afraid. "W-what?" she stuttered.
			"I mean, you seem kind of tired is all. Might be worth calling it a night. Plus, gotta get this little man home." he replied nonchalantly, motioning at Sparky.
			Realising what he meant, she relaxed significantly. "Oh, okay..." she smiled.
			"Is she okay?" Sparky asked, having woken up to this.
			"You okay? You seem kind of... worried." Connor asked her.
			"Oh no, I'm fine, I just... wasn't sure what you meant..." she slurred.
			Realisation dawned on his face. "Oh, shit - sorry." he chuckled nervously.
			"No, no, it's fine..." she smiled. "You didn't mean anything by it."
			She stood, and the alcohol hit her. She stumbled and fell. Connor dashed in and caught her, gently helping her down onto the sofa.
			"Whoa..." she laughed. "Thank you... Sorry... I just feel so woozy..."
			"You need a hand getting back to bed?" he asked.
			"Hahah... yeahhhh..." she slurred.
			Connor chuckled, and walked her to her bed.
			"Thanks..." she smiled.
			"Haha, no worries... You sure you'll be okay tonight?"
			"Yeah, I'll be okay... just haven't drank that much in a while." she chuckled, not fully with it.
			"Okay then... call me if you need to, okay?" he said, his voice betraying his concern.
			"I will do... see you soon! Get home safe!" she replied, happily falling asleep.
			"Goodnight Chloe! Get well soon!" Sparky barked.
			Connor smiled, and gently pulled a blanket over her. He grabbed a saucepan from her cupboard, and placed it on her bedside, in case she needed to throw up.
			She woke up as he tucked the blanket in, and wordlessly hugged him. He froze for a moment, before hugging her back. It felt nice. Warm.
			She pulled back, and looked deep into his eyes. Their gazes met. 
			She smiled softly, then her head hit the pillow, and she snored. Connor chuckled.
			"Hah... that's kind of cute." he grinned, before blushing slightly.
			Satisfied, he and Sparky left.

		Chloe's Flat
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor woke from his dreamless sleep to the sound of his phone buzzing. He groggily forced his eyes to open, and answered it.
			"Hey, bro!" Trey began.
			"Hey..." Connor groaned. "What time is it?"
			"Just gone 11." Trey chuckled. "Can I ask a massive favour?"
			"You need a lift from the couple who made you their third?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Hardy har. Nah, I'm in the garage right now, but we've got some outcalls for an electrical outage in Whitcroft - you know, the care home?"
			"Oh yeah. The one we did the installation for?"
			"That's the one." Trey smiled nostaligcally. "You cool to give me a hand? I'd do it myself, but regs are regs."
			"I'm on it." Connor smiled. "Give me half an hour, I'll meet you there."
			"I love you, bro." Trey beamed. "See you."
			Connor sat up, streched, and yawned. He morphed up some clothes, and headed out of his room.
			Amy's door was ajar. He peeked in, and saw her curled up with Sparky - both snoring loudly. He chuckled, wrote a note explaining his absence, and headed out.

			Chloe had tossed and turned in her sleep, as most nights. However, she didn't consume multiple bottles of vodka most nights. So unlike most mornings, where she woke up to her alarm and got out of bed - she had her head hanging off of the side of the bed, and woke herself up with a snore. She cleared her throat, and checked her blood sugar.
			It was low. Lower than it had been in a while. She cringed softly, rubbed her temples, and grabbed a sugary drink from her nightstand.
			In short order, she felt much better. She took out her medication holder, and washed down her pills with the drink, before heading into her bathroom.
			She ran the tap, and noticed the sound was muffled. Reaching for her ears, she sighed deeply.
			She'd left her hearing aids in. She'd *never* done that before.
			She took them out, put them on charge, and made herself a coffee.

			"Amy! Need toilet! Need toilet!" Sparky barked. Amy groggily forced herself to wake.
			"Ugh..." she groaned, her head pounding. "You need toilet, bud?"
			"Yes! Toilet! Now please!" he begged.
			She chuckled at the barks, threw on some baggy clothes, and walked with him outside. He quickly did his business, and they headed back into the flat.
			She stretched out, feeling her bones clicking. Sparky copied her.
			"Ooh, big stretch..." she beamed, scratching his ears. He smiled, panting softly.
			"What are we doing today?" he asked.
			She smiled. "Chatty boy."
			"Oh, right... forgot you can't hear me." he sighed slightly, sitting down. She checked her phone.
			"Oh, shit." she gasped, quickly putting on some better clothes. "I've got work in half an hour."
			Sparky perked up. "Can I come?"
			"Fuck..." she grimaced. "Um, Sparky... you be a good boy, okay? Connor will be back soon."
			"You're leaving me here?" he tilted his head.
			She melted slightly, putting on her boots. "Oh, buddy... please don't do those puppy eyes..."
			Sparky thought for a moment, before he lit up. He pounced on the sofa, and pawed at the television remote.
			"You... you want telly on?"
			"Yes! Yes please!" he barked.
			She laughed, and switched it to the movie channel. He got himself comfortable, and winked at her.
			Bemused, she headed out, making a quick phone call.
			"Yo, dickhead. I've gotta go to work."
			"Shit." Connor chuckled. "Did you put on Sparky's shows?"
			"Yeah, but I'll be busy all day." she sighed. "When are you getting back?"
			"Couple hours, tops."
			"Alright. If he's gone all wolf in the house though, it's your problem." she grinned.
			Connor clicked his teeth, and cut off the call.

			"God... what was the last electrician thinking, setting it up like this?!" Connor groaned.
			"Bro... you were the one who set it up." Trey chimed in, a grin cracking over his face.
			"That wasn't me. That was Past Connor. I cannot be held responsible for his actions." Connor snarked back. He looked down at the panelboard, and sighed.
			"By the way, are you coming out tonight?" he asked.
			"I, uh..."
			"Working again. Don't worry." Trey smiled. "Hey... thanks for coming out last night. It meant a lot."
			"Don't worry." Connor nodded. "Anyway... I might not even be up for the 'night shift' if these fuckin' electrics don't work."
			"Tell you what." Trey chuckled. "You sit here and think about what you've done, and I'll see if I can sort the boiler's plumbing out before these pensioners all freeze to death."
			"I hope it blows up and scalds you." Connor hissed.
			"I hope you get zapped so hard you piss yourself." Trey quipped back. The boys chuckled, as Connor got back into it.

			"Morning, gorgeous."
			Bea awoke to the words, as Charlie stood beside the bed. She looked at him, and smiled.
			"Good morning!" she said happily. "What time is it?"
			"Time for breakfast." he replied, revealing a tray of food.
			"Oh, breakfast in bed?" she beamed. "Thank you so much!"
			"Anything for you." he replied, placing the food down onto her lap.
			"I'm really glad you stayed last night." he said gently, sitting next to her. "Being with you... it was all I needed."
			She smiled softly. "I'm glad I stayed, too. I feel bad though - turning them down and all."
			"I'm sorry." he sighed. "I know I'm not the best company."
			"Oh, no, I didn't mean it like that!" she said hurriedly, reaching for his hand. His smile instantly returned, and she blushed. "I just meant... I would love it if you came along too."
			He swallowed. "I would've loved to meet all your friends, Bea. I just... I get so anxious around new people."
			"I understand." she smiled warmly. "It's okay. I won't push you."
			"Thank you." he said, almost grinning.

			"Aaand... there!" Amy smiled, grabbing a mirror and showing her customer his shoulder.
			"That... looks fuckin' sick!" he cheered, smiling wildly. She'd tattooed a horseman with a flaming skull, wielding a sword. It did, indeed, look fuckin' sick.
			She took the customer's payment, and smiled as he left.
			"Nice work." another girl - one whose aesthetic made Amy's look tame - chimed in.
			"Thanks, Chrissie." Amy nodded, before leaning back and sighing.
			"Everything alright?" she asked.
			"I got stood up again last night." Amy replied wearily.
			"Damn. It ain't fair." Chrissie shook her head. "I'm just saying, if I weren't seeing Heather, you'd be top of my to-do list."
			"Thanks." Amy grinned. "Loving the dyke solidarity here."
			Chrissie chuckled, as Amy's next appointment walked in.
			"Heya..." she began, almost shyly. "Um... I'm here about the, uh... well..."
			"The cover-up?" Amy grinned.
			"Yeah..." the customer sighed, revealing "BRIAN" written in terrible handwriting... right at the base of her spine.
			"Take a seat." Amy chuckled, and began working.

			Connor looked almost despondently at the panelboard. He'd flipped on and off just about every switch, but... nothing was working.
			His top lip curled, and his eyes darted around.
			"Oi!" Trey called over. "Boiler's sorted. Need a hand?"
			Connor stroked his chin, before an idea dawned.
			"Nah... can you grab us a cuppa?"
			Trey chuckled. "Sure thing."
			As soon as he was out of sight, Connor closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
			When he opened them again, his irises were bright red.
			His skin tingled slightly as the now-greyscale world revealed a menagerie of sensory data. Specifically... electromagnetic frequencies.
			Boom. Right there. Staring him in the face this whole time.
			A faulty capacitor. Nothing more.
			He sighed as his eyes cooled down into their usual steel-grey, and he pulled out his kit.

			Hours had passed, and Connor came back into the flat. There, Sparky rushed over to greet him.
			"Hey, Connor! How have you been!"
			"Hey, buddy!" Connor beamed, before looking into the flat.
			Cotton stuffing littered the room, and a heap of teddy bear skins sat neatly in the corner.
			"Um... Sparky... what did you do?" he asked, cocking an eyebrow.
			"Ah... I, uh... Oh, no! I've just suddenly gone blind!" Sparky howled.
			"Oh, really?" Connor grinned.
			"Yeah. I, uh... I can't see what I... what I can only assume is a horrible sight."
			"Oh, and let me guess... because you can't see it, it must not be there?"
			"That's right!" Sparky nodded cheekily.
			"Well, maybe you can smell it..." Connor grinned, picking up a disembowled teddy.
			"Nope." Sparky protested, moving his head away from his diabolical crime. "Not real."
			"Sparky, was this you?" Connor pressed, hiding his smirk.
			"Nope. Doesn't exist. Wasn't me." he insisted, before breaking. "It, uh, it exploded! I tried to stop it, but it just went boom!"
			"Mmhmm." Connor chuckled.
			"It attacked me first! I swear! It's been working with the cats outside! And the postman - he's in on it too!"
			"Oh yeah? Just like that time I left my sandwich on the side, and it magically leapt up and crawled right into your mouth?"
			"No, that was a completely different incident." Sparky grinned.
			Connor tilted his head, silently giggling.
			"...would you believe that it was already like that before you left?"
			Connor couldn't hold it anymore. He erupted into howling laughter, as did his packmate.

		Day in the life
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The hail of the previous night had subsided. It seemed Drackhill Valley was back to its regularly scheduled downpour of rain.
			As the sun crawled beneath the horizon, Connor and Sparky were running.
			Not like a normal man and his dog - they were running vertically. Up a tower block, which sat right between Redbridge and Belson.
			Their feet, morphed over with adhesive grips, smacked into the wet concrete with notable punctuation. Sparky was a few feet ahead, and Connor tried to keep up.
			He failed. Sparky sat down on the roof as Connor leapt up.
			"Fu... fuck... damn it..." he panted.
			"One day, you'll be as fast as me." Sparky grinned cheekily.
			"Little shit." Connor smirked, crouching next to him. The two looked out at the cityscape.
			"It's beautiful up here." Sparky smiled, taking in the view. The city's lights started to crawl to life, and the pair watched as two airships passed one another - from their height, they were so close it felt like you could touch them.
			"It sure is." Connor nodded. "We should start our nights like this more often."
			"Yeah. You need the practice." Sparky grinned. Connor chuckled, and jokingly pushed him.
			"What is this place?" Sparky tilted his head.
			"Rydon Tower." Connor began, stretching his legs. "Tallest tower building in the valley. Only Wyrmrock is higher."
			"You can see the whole city from here." Sparky smiled. "It's perfect for recon."
			"See that? Right there?" Connor asked, pointing to a speck of Belson.
			Sparky's eyes flashed red, as his irises zoomed in. "Yeah - warehouse unit." he nodded.
			"We're hitting there tonight The Patriots have a stash of drugs there. Our job is to take them down, and burn it."
			"Nice." Sparky grinned. "And after?"
			"After, we're gonna surprise everyone." Connor smiled, pointing down to Redbridge - to the Horse. "We won't be out as late as last night, but..."
			"And hopefully, we won't have to blow up any substations tonight."
			"Ugh... don't tempt fate."

			"Another!" Trey cheered, having downed his drink.
			"Jesus, quiet nights out aren't your thing, are they?" Bea quipped.
			"By our standards, this is a quiet night out." Amy laughed, likewise downing hers.
			"God..." Chloe grinned. "Also, don't hate me, but I might head off early tonight."
			"Aw, why?" Trey asked.
			"I was up past my bedtime." she grinned.
			"Oh, yeah... perhaps you can explain why my brother didn't get home until 5 in the morning?" Amy cocked an eyebrow, smirking.
			"Oh my god, you guys didn't!" Bea gasped, excited.
			"What? Oh, no no no!" Chloe shook her head rapidly.
			"The thought of it is that gross, huh?" Trey jeered.
			"I--He just walked me home. He didn't want me walking alone through Belson, that's all." she clarified, her face red. "After that, we stayed up late, and talked. *Just talked.*"
			Bea smiled warmly, and wrapped her arm around her.
			Just outside, Pawel was approached by a large group of young men.
			"Evening, fellas. IDs, please?" he asked.
			"Fuck you, polack." one boy jeered, before punching him with some knuckledusters.
			Pawel responded by delivering a slamming fist to the boy's jaw, knocking him down. But then a baseball bat crashed into his head, and he tumbled in through the doors.
			The gang of youths, brandishing knives and clubs, stormed into the club.
			"TOMMY CRANE! COME OUT HERE, YOU FUCKIN' COCKSUCKER!" one of them roared.
			Another rushed over to the barman, and pointed his knife. "Open the till! Now!"
			The barman, pale as a sheet, opened it.
			"Fuck you!" Amy roared, kicking one in the side of the leg hard enough to make it crunch. She was met with a backhand across the face.
			Trey pounced in, knocking her assailant down. But a baseball bat to his chest knocked the wind from him.
			At that, Tommy stormed out of the back office, brandishing a crowbar.
			"COME ON THEN, YOU NAZI CUNTS!"

			Across the city, Connor and Sparky looked over their target.
			"Not as many men as I expected." Connor noted.
			"Well, maybe they're just scared." Sparky grinned.
			Connor felt his phone buzz. "One sec," he said, checking it.
			The silent alarm for the Horse had gone off. He accessed it, and witnessed the chaos over the CCTV.
			"Shit! Patriots are attacking the Horse! Everyone's there!" he gasped.
			"Oh no! We have to help them!" Sparky barked, readying himself.
			"Wait!" Connor yelled. "This must be a diversion. They won't be expecting a counterattack! You go into the warehouse, and carry on the mission alone. I'll get back to the Horse!"
			"I'll go! I'm faster!" Sparky protested.
			"I've got this." Connor shook his head. Sparky nodded, and pounced into the warehouse, as Connor sprinted off.

			"Get away from them!" Bea roared, shoving one attacker back.
			"You want some too? You fucking little skank?!" the man jeered back, raising his arms.
			Tommy fought well, but took a hit to the head, and stumbled to the ground, dazed.
			"*HEY!*" a deep, booming voice echoed throughout the club. The attackers turned, and went pale.
			"Shit! He went for us instead!" one screamed.
			"I knew I should've stayed at the coke den..." another lamented.
			Connor cracked his knuckles, as his friends looked up in awe.
			"Come get some!" he barked, rushing forward.

			A Patriot - an older, experienced one as well - screamed in pain as Sparky's claws raked over his face.
			"OH GOD! I THOUGHT IT WAS A MYTH! SOMEONE SAVE US!" he howled, with a damp patch forming over his groin.
			His attacker - a snarling, red-eyed dire wolf - slammed him into a crate of drugs, before knocking another one down.
			"Hey! Hey, stop right there!" one younger thug begged, pulling out a silver crucifix. "Now listen, we're going after your boss, we..."
			Sparky grinned, and pounced, knocking the crucifix from the screaming thug's hands.
			"I told you that shit wouldn't work!" another yelled, running away.

			Connor launched a Patriot in the air, and he made a satisfying noise as he crashed into a table. Another swung his bat at him, only for Connor to catch it and snap it in half, before slamming him to the ground.
			"F-fuck this!" the leader yelped, drawing a revolver.
			"LOOK OUT!" Amy roared, as he pulled the trigger.
			"NO!" Tommy likewise screamed, reaching out.
			The first bullet hit him in the chest - right above his primary heart. It barely grazed the skin before embedding itself in his kevlar costume.
			The next round made it above the secondary heart - to the same effect. A third hit in the abdomen, again to no injury.
			"DIE! DIE! *DIE!*" the gunman howled, punctuating his fire. The room had gone still, as all watched in horror.
			Normally, that'd be horror at seeing a man gunned down like this.
			Instead, it was horror that he *wasn't.*
			With all six shots spent, the gunman looked up in fear beyond fear. Connor stepped forward, and puffed out his chest. The bullets made an almost quaint jingling sound as they landed on the floor. He stepped over, and grabbed the barrel of the gun in his palm.
			"...why won't you die?!" the gunman finally whispered.
			"I'll die... when I fuckin' well please!" Connor roared back. He bent the barrel in his grip, pulled it back, and slammed the butt of the gun into the shooter's face. He stumbled back, before a second strike to the chest knocked him down.
			All their assailants were out of the fight. Connor dropped the crumpled gun, and sighed. He looked down at his horrified friends.
			"Th-thank you." Amy finally said.
			"Don't mention it." Connor replied, hiding his voice. He walked out nonchalantly, and faded into the night.
			Tommy stumbled to his feet. "Bar... bar's closed. Make your way home."
			"Sure thing." Trey groaned, as Bea helped him rise. The four teens left the club, all still in shock.

			The rain was heavier now. The wind made a groaning sound as it swept into, and out of, the valley.
			Atop Rydon Tower, the two monsters of the night regrouped.
			"How was the drughouse?" Connor began.
			"Up in flames." Sparky grinned, before turning worried. "Is everyone okay?"
			"They're fine. The skinheads, though..."
			The pair looked both out at the grim night sky.
			"...shall we call it a night?" Connor asked.
			"I think we've earned some rest." Sparky grinned. "Being a superhero is exhausting."
			Connor chuckled, and the pair crawled down the wall.

		Fight outside the Horse

	Never-Ending Crusade
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Boss. We've got a problem."
			Louie Vitale sighed as he stood from his maple desk, and turned to face the glass panes that let him overlook his warehouse-turned-nightclub. He was a fairly portly man, with balding brown hair and a clean face - which emphasised a prominent grin cut into his left cheek, long since faded to a line.
			"And that would be, Marcus?" he asked his imposing subordinate. His voice was that of a thick Cockney - and surprisingly high-pitched for a mob boss.
			"Crane ain't happy about us pushing on his side of the river."
			"Well, you heard about last night, right?" Vitale smirked. On the left side of his mouth, his canine and its two adjacent teeth sparkled in the light - his golden grin was well known in Drackhill's underworld.
			"Yeah, he took a beating, but..." Marcus began.
			"Oh, don't tell me. 'Il Lupo Mannaro' showed up and saved him. You don't seriously believe in that bullshit, do you?"
			"I don't know, boss." Marcus shrugged. "He took six shots to the chest, and then broke the guy's revolver. Plus, the other night in Blackmarsh... and last week on the flyover..."
			"Ah, stronzate!" Vitale waved his hand dismissively. "Probably just those skinhead pigs trying to save face. That business... I bet it's all hysteria. The man got impaled, and what, was up fighting the next night? Cazzate!"
			"Still--"
			"I've heard enough." Vitale shook his head, before leaning against the glass. "If Tommy Crane wants us out of the westside, he can send his little Lupo to meet my little Lupara."
			He looked down at his little slice of Belson, like a king at his castle.
			"No one fucks with the Gold Tooth Grins." he said, almost to himself.
			"You got it, boss." Marcus nodded, before leaving.

			Standing at the door was a huge man - easily 6'6". He pocketed a bribe from a young woman, and let her in. Behind her, a man with his hood up, hiding his face, approached.
			"Oi, chav. Move along." he barked.
			"I need to speak with Vitale." the red-hooded man replied. His voice was gravelly - as though he was faking it.
			"Nah, he don't normally order rent boys." the man grinned - showing off his own golden canine. "Now fuck off, before I lose my temper."
			The hooded man chuckled, and his clothes began to ripple and twist. In mere moments, he stood proudly, encased in a kevlar bodysuit and his eyes a blood-red.
			"The... the fuck?!" the doorman gasped, pale as a ghost.
			"I said..." Connor began, "I need to speak with Vitale."

			The door swung open, as the doorman flew through. Connor stomped in, as another man rushed over. He drew a knife, and slashed out. Connor effortlessly grabbed the knife, twisted, and knocked the man to the ground. Another drew a revolver, aiming it right at Connor's head.
			"Stop right there... or... or..." he stammered.
			Connor grinned under his mask, and in a heartbeat closed the distance, before snapping the revovler in two, and launching a haymaker at the man's face.
			Panic erupted. Partygoers screamed as they tried to find an exit - unfortunately, sketchy downtown warehouses-turned-nightclubs aren't known for their strict adherence to safety regulations. Instead, they merely huddled in the dancefloor, like panicked cattle.
			Connor stormed up the metal stairs, and kicked open the door. Marcus launched a flurry of punches with his knuckledusters at his chest - rather than blocking, Connor placed his hands at his hips and looked up at the man.
			Marcus was a head taller, but in that moment - he was little. A light push, and he launched backwards.
			"DIE, YOU FUCKIN' FREAK!" Vitale screamed, unloading his shotgun into Connor's chest. He flew back, smacking into the wall, and fell to the ground. He coughed, regaining his breath, and pounced forward.
			Vitale made an almost froglike noise as Connor raised him by the throat, before slamming him into his glass pane hard enough to shatter it. He held Vitale over the edge for a second, letting the moment hang along with him.
			"Please--Please, I--" Vitale sputtered.
			"Message received?" Connor asked.
			"L-loud and clear."
			Connor smiled, and placed Vitale down, before brushing the dust off of him.
			"Good. Pleasure doing business with you, Mr. Vitale."
			Vitale looked at him, dumbstruck, before shaking his hand.
			"Jesus Christ... you're really something, Lupo." he grinned.
			"So I've been told." Connor chuckled, before melting into the night.

		Enter, Vitale
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Morning came, then afternoon, as Connor jogged through the high street. A voice caught his ear.
			"Oh, hey!" Bea called over. Connor slowed, turned, and smiled.
			"Hey, guys!" he waved. She and Chloe walked over.
			"Fancy seeing you here!" Bea smiled. "Out for a run?"
			"Yeah - honestly, I appreciate the break." he grinned.
			"Do you run a lot? You don't seem out of breath at all." she noted.
			"I train when I can." he nodded.
			Chloe smiled. "We're just out for our lunch break. Do you wanna come along?"
			"Sure!"
			The group headed into the nearest bistro, and took their seats.
			"So, how's school?" he asked.
			"Yeah, pretty good." Bea smiled. "I've spent my whole morning studying the British constitution - or, lack thereof."
			"Fun stuff." Connor grinned.
			"We just finished a lab session." Chloe chimed in. "Dissections, this time."
			"Gross." Bea chuckled, putting down her food. Chloe let out a giggle.
			They finished their lunch, and headed out of the bistro. There, a man in military uniform with a bright red poppy held a collection box.
			He marched up to the group. "Poppy appeal. Donations, please."
			"Oh, uh..." Bea fumbled at her pockets. "Sorry, I'm out of change!"
			"We take card." he said firmly.
			"Right." Bea nodded awkwardly. She reached for her wallet.
			Connor looked the man up and down, and his pupils constricted slightly.
			"Guys, let's go." he said hurriedly.
			"What's wrong?" Chloe asked.
			"Nothing, just... let's go."
			"Wow." the soldier scowled. "You feel like a big man, disrespecting the Army like that?"
			"You feel like a big man, shooting little kids?" he snapped back.
			"Connor!" Bea gasped.
			"What the *fuck* did you just say to me?!" the soldier barked.
			Connor stood his ground, his jaw clenching. "I see the medal, you Tan fuck. Did you enjoy yourself--"
			"Come on, let's go." Chloe cut in, grabbing his arm. "Now."
			Connor took a deep breath, staring into the soldier's soul. He nodded, and they moved.
			"Real brave, kid!" the soldier jeered. "Mouthing off at *real men* who fought for your freedoms!"
			Connor's head snapped around, but Chloe jerked his arm.
			"Don't." she said firmly. He sighed, and carried on walking. The trio came to a halt and leaned against a wall.
			"Fuckin' Tan. Fought for my chains, more like!" he hissed.
			"Okay, what's going on?" Bea asked firmly.
			Connor raised an eyebrow.
			"I've not known you for long - but you've never seemed like the type to pick fights with strangers on the street." she pressed. "What's wrong?"
			He let out a deep breath. "Sorry... Sorry."
			Another deep breath, before he explained.
			"That guy's medals - one of them was the General Service Medal for Operation Flying Fox - the occupation of my hometown."
			"Oh..." Bea realised.
			He sighed. "Seeing a man in uniform cornering us isn't a happy memory even ignoring that. To me, a soldier is someone who kicks down your door, screams in your face, smashes your windows, and beats you in the chest. And he had the nerve... the fuckin' nerve to shake his little collection box in our faces and ask for money?"
			"It's the poppy appeal..." Chloe shrugged. "I mean, they do help people--"
			"They help *soldiers.*" he corrected. "Call me heartless, but they're not better than anyone else. They don't deserve their own special charity, some massive public campaign, or every single person wearing a special flower just for them."
			He let out a breath, and bowed his head. "Sorry - I don't mean to rant about it. I know you guys get it."
			"We do." Bea nodded softly. "Look, we've gotta get back to uni, but... are you gonna be okay?"
			"Yeah, why?" he tilted his head.
			"Connor... what you're describing, it... it sounds like PTSD." Chloe said gently.
			He looked away.
			"There's no shame in it." she added quietly.
			"I know." he nodded. "I don't think colonised people have a word for PTSD. I think we just call it 'normal.'"
			Bea let out a sad smile. "We'll stay out a little longer."
			"No, guys you--you have classes..." he meekly protested.
			"Doesn't matter." Chloe smiled warmly. "Come on, let's go for a walk down the park, and talk about random stuff."
			"Sounds like a plan." Bea nodded.
			Connor hesitated, but smiled back.

		Remembrance
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It had been a long, long day at the cafe. Too long. Unsurprisingly, Amy's face lit up as she saw Connor and Sparky waiting outside for her.
			"Oh my goodness!" she beamed, rushing straight over to Sparky. "Hey, buddy! How've you been all day? Did you miss me?"
			"Yeah! Today's been good. Connor's been teaching me how to read a little better!" he barked back.
			Oblivious, Amy smiled warmly. "Such a good boy..." she cooed.
			"Nice to see you too, dickhead." Connor quipped.
			"Next time, just send the dog." she snarked back. She stood, and pulled him in for a hug.

			Connor finished tinkering away at the now-fixed wristwatch on his bedroom desk, and came into the living room. There, Amy was making a fuss over Sparky, as usual.
			"Who's a good boy? Whosagoodboyyy?" she asked in a baby voice.
			"Me, so I've been told." Sparky grinned. "Can I have the bloody treat now, or what?"
			"Paw?" she asked.
			Sparky sighed, giving a very graceful paw-shake.
			"Beg?"
			He hopped up, planting his front legs on her forearm.
			"Roll over?"
			"This bacon twist better be worth it." he grumbled, obeying.
			"Good boy! Catch!" she cheered, throwing the treat in the air. He inhaled it.
			"Hmm... yeah, not bad. " he shrugged.
			She laughed. "He's so good."
			"Sure is." Connor chuckled, endeared. "It's nice, seeing yous two get on so well."
			"Yeah, well if you remember, *I* was always Stella's favourite." she grinned.
			He laughed heartily, as did she.
			"You know..." she began. "Ever since getting him, I've noticed you've been doing better and all."
			Connor smiled. "Yeah, well... perfect excuse to get out of the house, isn't he?"
			Sparky rolled back onto his back, and was immediately attended by Amy's belly rubs.
			"How was your day, by the way?" she asked.
			"Oh, *now* you ask!" he snarked.
			"Fuck off, I don't actually care." she grinned.
			He chuckled. "Yeah, not bad. Ran into Chloe and Bea earlier."
			"Ah, nice. How are they?"
			"They're good. We, uh... we got cornered by some poppy appeal guy."
			"Oh." Amy nodded sympathetically. "You okay?"
			"Yeah. They helped me get over it." he nodded.
			Before he could continue, his ears pricked up. His burner phone was ringing.
			"One sec." he said, rushing into his room. He answered it.
			"Hello?"
			"Hi, Connor." the other voice replied.
			"Commandant..." Connor snarled, his face going white.
			"Commandant?!" Sparky jumped up, barking and curling his lip.
			"What's wrong?" Amy asked, confused.
			"What do you want, you fucking cunt?!" Connor snapped. "Wanna show your face? Let me pay you back for what you did to me?!"
			"'Did to you?'" Amy tilted her head. "Wait..."
			"Yeah, that's not a half-bad idea." the Commandant audibly grinned. "Meet me in Belson. Marsh Road. Unit 4-7-81/P."
			"You're a dead man. You hear me?" Connor growled. "*DEAD!*"
			A drop of hot blood came from his nostrils, and the pain in his head intensified.
			"I'll tear your throat out!" Sparky added through a roar.
			"See you soon!" the Commandant laughed, cutting off the call.
			Connor turned to Sparky. "Let's go."
			"Whoa, whoa..." Amy cut in, standing in front of the door. "You're not going anywhere."
			"Amy..." Connor began, supressing himself. "Get out of my way."
			"No fucking chance. Not until you tell me who that is, and what they did to you."
			"Connor, we don't have time for this. He could have 217! My sister!" Sparky barked.
			"Amy, I'll explain it all later, I promise. But please, let me through. It's important."
			"No way." she shook her head. "I heard you there. And I know that look in your eye. If I let you go, you'll kill them."
			"He needs killing." Connor growled lowly.
			"Tell me why." she pressed.
			"Amy..." he said through gritted teeth. "Move."
			"Or what?" she tilted her head. "You gonna make me?"
			Connor turned away.
			"Exactly. Now start talking."
			"I don't have time. I'll tell you when I get back. I swear."
			"Tell. Me. *Now.*"
			"Please, just... just drop it..." he begged, his headache pounding like a drum in his skull. "I'll tell you later. I *don't have time.* I need to go. *NOW!*"
			"No. You're telling me. There's no reason why you can't! Something's going on, and I'm your fucking sister!" she barked. "I'm sick of this! Sick of you hiding this from me! You know all about what happened to me in foster-care, but you can't trust me enough to just TELL ME!"
			He felt the pressure building up under his skin again. Like he was going to explode.
			"Just please... get outta my way." he pleaded.
			"Not. Fucking. Happening." she shook her head.
			"*GET OUT OF MY WAY!*" he roared.
			She went pale. Not just pale, but practically white. She stumbled, and fell backwards.
			He could hear her heartbeat. It was going a mile a minute. He turned, and spotted his reflection in the window.
			"Oh... f-fuck." he whispered.
			The same chitinous, kevlar-like exoskeleton had encased him once more. And his eyes glowed bright red, lighting up the room. His claws - not hands, but claws - glinted in the light, like his fingers were knives.
			He took a deep breath, and ripped the covering from his face.
			"Amy, I--" he stammered.
			She didn't speak. Instead, she struggled to her feet, refusing to turn her back to him.
			"I... I'll let you go, just... p-please don't... don't hurt me..." she begged, tears streaming down her face.
			"Amy, I'm not gonna hurt you." he said as softly as he could. She made her way to her room, and rushed in, bolting the door.
			"Amy, wait!" he begged.
			"CONNOR!" Sparky barked, similarly encased in his battle-form. "We have to go!"
			Connor sighed, but nodded. The twin Werewolves headed out.

		Commandant Calls
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Across the city, Connor and Sparky perched atop an industrial unit. Sparky's fur flowed in the cold breeze, and their eyes flashed red as they scanned the fourth unit below.
			"Electromagnetic signals." Sparky noted. "Some electrical equipment in the walls."
			"Probably just wiring. Though, I'm not sure - that there looks like a radio receiver." Connor pointed.
			"Smells like WiFi." Sparky shrugged. "I doubt it's anything important. Can you get that plastic smell?"
			"Plastic? I thought it was oil." Connor tilted his head. "Well, this place is an industrial unit. Probably just old product."
			Sparky nodded, then his eyes darted. "See that?"
			"Yeah - cluster of heartbeats."
			He flexed his throat and unhinged his jaw, as did his packmate. They both let out an ethereal, alien song - one high-pitched enough that the bats in Wyrmrock went crazy.
			"Canines." he nodded. "A couple of them. A humanoid, too - must be the Commandant."
			"217 must be in there. She *has* to be. As for the other... they must be another sibling. More of my people."
			Connor gently stroked him between the ears.
			"This is the big moment. We get our revenge, and you get your sister back. After that... we hunt the rest of them down."
			"No time to dawdle, then." Sparky smiled. The two rose, and stretched their legs out.
			Connor closed his eyes, and focused. He flexed his thighs and calves, and felt his hot blood rush to them, saturating them with mutant power.
			Whatever the Commandant had done to him... it was going to be his undoing.
			The two rushed forward, and jumped. Their legs kicked into the roof's edge, smashing the metal downwards as they launched upwards. They landed on a skylight, crashing down.
			They landed on the ground, their arrival punctuated by raining shards of glass. 
			"COMMANDANT!" Connor roared. "SHOW YOURSELF!"
			His scream echoed in the cold, metal unit. He was answered by the sound of scraping, as a Super-Agent walked out from a storage crate, wielding twin machetes and clad in thick kevlar armour. 
			A television screen, which hanged from the wall, flashed to life. The Commandant's image flickered onto the screen.
			"Good evening, freaks." he grinned sadistically.
			"YOU FUCKING COWARD!" Connor howled. "SHOW YOUR FACE AND *DIE LIKE A MAN!*"
			"It's cute, honestly. You think you two little shits could kill me." he laughed. "And honestly, I think I may have tortured you a little too well. I tell you I'm somewhere, and mere minutes later you come running? You must miss me."
			"WHERE'S 217? WHERE'S MY SISTER?!" Sparky roared.
			"Oh, Six! Good to see you again." the Commandant smirked.
			At that, the Agent was joined by a pair of snarling, muscular mastiffs. It was barely visible past their fur, but the smell of their blood confirmed it - there was super-serum in their black veins.
			"She's not here, but don't worry - you have company. Project Fenrir wasn't a *complete* failure - that blood we harvested was given to these... mangy, rabid mutts."
			The twin Werewolves assumed a fighting stance.
			"You take the dogs - don't kill them." Connor whispered firmly, morphing blades from his wrists. "I'll fight the Agent."
			"Save some for me." Sparky snarled back, eyes burning red.
			"Sic 'em, boys!" The Commandant barked. "Agent Weiss - kill him."

			Connor wasn't here to fool around - he was here for blood. He spun forwards like a vengeful tornado, his blades ripping through the air. Weiss darted back, then knelt down and crossed his machetes, catching Connor's right.
			Under his mask, Connor grinned. His left blade burst forwards, aimed straight for Weiss's gut.
			Not fast enough. Weiss turned, twisting his blades so Connor's fell forward, and then he countered. Connor dodged the first machete, but the second nicked his neck.
			First blood. Connor felt the wound close up in moments, and snarled viciously.
			He roared, charging forwards again.

			At first, Sparky's wolven form intimidated the lesser canids. But then both remembered what the Commandant would do if they failed, and their black-veined eyes darkened with furor.
			"Listen to me! I don't want to hurt you!" he pleaded, as he slammed the backside of his paw around the head of one. He was careful not to catch it with his claws.
			The other used the opening to sink his teeth into Sparky's back leg, tearing hot blood and red meat.
			He howled in shock and pain, before turning and beating that one down. It got back up in short order.
			Sparky turned his head, and saw Connor's fight. His pupils shrank as they caught the Commandant's image.

			"DIE!" Connor demanded, as the tip of his blade sank into Weiss's thigh.
			Most men - hell, most Super-Agents - would've been thrown off by that. Weiss simply used his proximity to drive his own blade through Connor's hand.
			Connor screamed in rage as the blade shunted in between his carpal bones, popping out of his palm. Weiss pulled the blade backwards, splitting his hand in two.
			He flipped, and clutched his hand tight, setting the bones back and morphing a bandage to bind them. His eyes flashed crimson, and he formed bucklers over his wristblades.
			"Ah, finally - you've figured out you're not invincible, eh?" the Commandant taunted. "In fact, I'd say you're quite vincible."
			"Fuck you." Connor spat, his armour thickening and calcifying. He raced forwards, and the two monsters - one in form, one in soul - clashed again.

			Sparky snarled as another chunk of flesh tore out from his hide. He turned, and bit the scruff of the one who did it. He raised up on his hind legs, and threw it across the unit.
			Breathing space. He pounced on the other forcing it to its back.
			For normal canines, that would be it. The loser would submit, accepting that the winner would have its throat otherwise.
			The super-mastiff went right for Sparky's throat, instead. Sparky darted back just in time.
			"Please! Stop fighting me! I'm on your side! I want to stop the Commandant!" he begged.
			No answer. This wasn't one of his people - just an animal. A raging, monstrous animal.
			Sparky closed his scarlet eyes for a second.
			"I'm sorry." he whispered, as he ripped out its throat.
			He turned, as the other was sprinting towards him. He bowed his head in shame, and went for the kill.

			Connor snarled as Weiss's machete was knocked backwards by his buckler. He saw his opening and pounced forwards, paying him back in kind with a slash across the chest.
			Weiss's armour was shredded and torn, and his skin was raked and bloody - but he wasn't beaten. Not yet.
			He brought his blades together, holding them side-by-side. He half-closed his eyes, and breathed out slowly.
			Connor charged, pointing his own blades forward. He was going to impale this son of a bitch.
			Weiss held position. He felt his heart beat with anticipation. Then, he struck.
			Connor was tired. Exhausted, even. So exhausted, his reflexes were a nanosecond too late.
			Weiss's blades swept in a horizontal motion, clashing into Connor's forearms. The bucklers absorbed the damage, bending and cracking as his arms swung outwards.
			Connor went to close the opening, to put his guard back up, to do *something.*
			Too late.
			Weiss twisted his blades to their sides, and drove them through a gap in Connor's ribs.
			They sank through his armour, his lungs, and punched out through his back.
			Connor went to scream - instead, blood poured from his mouth and nose, as he gurgled in pain.
			Weiss gripped the hilts of his blades, and pushed Connor to his knees.
			"Hah..." the Commandant chuckled. "I expected more. Goodbye, Connor."
			Weiss placed his foot against Connor's sturnum, and pulled his blades free - slowly. Grinning.
			The blades glinted in the dim light, as he crossed them - holing them like shears ready to take the Werewolf's head.
			The blades tore through the air, sailing inward.
			Their impact sent a shock through the air, as they crashed into Connor's forearms.
			"No..." he gurgled. "NO!"
			Weiss struggled, but couldn't break past the Werewolf's determined guard.
			Connor was a lot of things. A lot more, lately.
			He was not someone who knew when to die.
			"GRAAAAGH!" Sparky howled, slamming into Weiss's side. He skidded to a halt as Weiss crashed into a wall.
			Connor spat a globule of blood, and forced himself to rise.
			Weiss planted his blades in the ground, using their support to get back up. He looked at the dead mastiffs, and laughed cruelly.
			"Oh dear, Six. It's not the first time you've seen your misbegotten kind die, is it? First time you've killed them, though." the Commandant chimed in.
			"You killed them. We just put them out of their misery." Sparky snarled grimly.
			"And if you wanna see 'killing,' then we're happy to oblige." Connor added. He readied his blades, as his lungs scabbed over.
			Weiss gripped the hilts tightly, as his eyes frantically darted side to side.
			The Werewolves charged in.
			Sparky hit first. Weiss's blade cut across his muzzle, but the crimson-eyed beast was unfazed. His teeth sank into Weiss's side, ripping out chunks of hot meat.
			Connor, meanwhile, sent his own blades down - ripping off Weiss's right hand. He screamed in pain, but then Sparky's claws sank into his throat.
			Connor grabbed the fallen machete, and swept as hard as he could.
			Weiss's body fell to the ground. His head landed a few feet away.
			"Credit where it's due." the Commandant grinned. "The data we've gained from this encounter is... invaluable."
			Sparky's hackles rose.
			Connor didn't move. His blades stayed forward, tense. "Agreed. We're going to make you feel everything you did to us. But first - where's 217?"
			The Commandant tilted his head, as if considering it. "Still on that, huh?"
			A faint crackle ran through the walls.
			Connor noticed it first. Not heard - felt. A low, irregular pulse under the metal floor. His eyes narrowed.
			"Well, now." the Commandant grinned. "Isn't this a nice trip down memory lane?"
			Connor's stare tightened. "What did you do?"
			"Not the first time Six has watched his kind die because of me. And definitely not the first time you've been buried."
			Connor went still. He tilted his head, but then, his irises shrank to pinpoints. His twin heartbeats turned to hums of terror.
			"Ah... The penny drops."
			Sparky's red gaze darted to his packmate. "Connor...?"
			"RUN!" he screamed.
			"What?! Why?!"
			"PLASTIC! IN THE WALLS!"
			Too late.
			The sound came first: a deep, mechanical *thump* from inside the walls.
			Then heat.
			The world around him erupted into flame. A massive explosion shook the building, and down it came.

			Sparky pulled himself out of the wreckage first. He frantically started digging, cutting his paw pads apart on the shrapnel. Finally, he unearthed Connor, who took a sharp intake of breath.
			The ringing in his ears was deafening. His vision blurred as he came to, the world around him a hazy mess of rubble and smoke. He groaned, disoriented, but alive.
			"Connor! Come on, we've got to go! The police will be here soon!"
			The sound of sirens wailing in the distance cut through the haze. Connor tried to rise, but looked back in horror. His hand was pinned under an entire wall's worth of rubble.
			His hearts raced as panic set in. He tugged at the debris, his breath coming in sharp gasps, but his hand remained firmly caught.
			"No... no, no, no..." he stuttered.
			He shifted his weight, tried to use his enhanced strength, but it was useless. His hand was trapped, and couldn't leave unless he freed it.
			Sparky put all his might into shifting the mess, but he could barely budge it.
			"Connor, I... I'm not strong enough." he cried.
			A grim realisation dawned on him.
			He morphed a blade from his costume. The knife's edge gleamed under the light. His free hand shook, trembling with urgency. He gritted his teeth and pressed the blade into his trapped forearm.
			Squelch.
			Shk.
			The world slowed. The pain was like nothing he'd ever felt before - sharp, intense, and relentless.
			It coursed through him, amplifying every sensation, turning his vision dark at the edges.
			Squelch again.
			Shk-shk.
			SNAP.
			With a final, brutal motion, he freed himself, his body recoiling from the sheer agony of it all. As he pulled free, the flesh ripped, and his wrist-joint popped. His bones were too strong to cut through - the amputation left his arm-bone sticking out from the stump, unblemished by the damage. He rose to his feet, breathless, bloodied, and battered.
			The world slowed down to a standstill. If normal pain could sharpen a mind - what could this pain do?
			He tensed, squeezing his eyes shut. Despite his eyelids being closed, his irises glowed with such a bright, brilliant red, that they shone past the skin. The glow faded, and the bleeding finally stopped. A bark from Sparky shook him from his stupor, and the pair sprinted up a wall back to their overlook, just as police and fire engines poured onto the site.

		The Loss of a Hand
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It had been a hundred years. It had been a couple of seconds.
			Connor woke up on the roof. As he did, Sparky rushed over, and licked his face frantically.
			"Are you okay?" he asked, worried.
			"Hah... I'm fine. Just blacked out for a moment." he nodded, his head feeling both light and heavy.
			He morphed back down into his civilian clothes, and reached into his pocket. He pulled out a small pack of cigarettes.
			"Thank god these weren't squished back there." he chuckled, holding one in his mouth, and lighting it. The motion was tricky with one hand, but he managed.
			"Why do you burn those stinky sticks?" Sparky asked.
			"Honestly? Not much use to me these days. Downside of being a super-powered mutant is you can't get anything out of nicotine." he shrugged. "Still, the ritual of it... calms me down, I guess."
			Sparky nodded, and sat down with his packmate. "What happens now?" he asked.
			"Now? Now we see if I can grow back limbs." Connor laughed and coughed. "If I can't... we may need to rethink our operation."
			He leant back. "I've been putting off asking you... maybe because I'm scared about what you'll say. But... this whole thing with the Commandant..."
			"He was... he was right." Sparky said, nearly gagging on the words. "We thought we were better, but all it took was one phone call, and it's like we're back in the cages again."
			Connor looked away for a minute, before turning back.
			"My memories of it all... they're jumbled. I can't remember us escaping the first time. But... you remember, don't you?"
			Sparky thought for a moment.
			"All my life, I remember being in this cage. Being hurt by the bad men." he began. "And none of them ever cared. They just kept hurting me. Sometimes it was for fun, sometimes I think they were being curious, but it was always cruel. And..." he paused. "And then, one day, the bad men brought you in. You were hurt, badly - but alive. They chained you up. I wasn't in the room, but I could hear you screaming as they hurt you too."
			Connor leant forward, listening intently.
			"I kept hearing them talking about programming. I think they wanted to train you. They kept saying these specific words - 'Listen and Obey.'"
			Connor flinched at the words. Even hearing them telepathically from a wolf didn't soften their blow.
			"Every time they did, they hurt you." Sparky continued. "One day, your screaming was louder than ever before. I heard you thrashing and smashing about, and you burst out of the door they held you in. You came running out, and I knew you were different. You looked at me, and I didn't see cruelty, just sadness. I begged you to let me out, and you heard me, and you saved me."
			Connor rubbed his temples with his intact hand, processing. "So... We broke out, together?"
			"Yes. We ran for miles and miles." Sparky nodded. "But they caught up to us. They overwhelmed us, and dragged us away. They separated us - I never knew what happened to you afterwards."
			Connor looked downwards. "And... they brought you back to the place I found you?"
			"No. They brought me back to where we first met." Sparky explained. "But they were worried you might come back for me. So they moved me to the other place - the one where you and Ivan saved me."
			Connor leaned back. "Did, um... did you ever see me leave on my own? The Commandant... he pulled a trick on me."
			"No, never." Sparky shook his head.
			Connor stroked his chin. "Makes sense. We escape together, then after they bring us both back, the Commandant stages another escape to crush my hopes of leaving. They must've somehow wiped my memories of us getting out, too."
			Sparky looked away. "They were cruel. After meeting so many normal humans, I don't get it. Humans aren't so different to wolves. You're naturally decent. So what's wrong with them?"
			Connor sighed. "I don't know, bud. They're cruel. Evil. Monsters..."
			Sparky thought for a moment. "The word he used - Fenrir. That's what they called me, too."
			"Project Fenrir... That explains the super-dogs earlier." Connor nodded, visibly joining the dots. "Whatever made me and the Super-Agents, Fenrir made you and the dogs."
			"They're building an army." Sparky realised in horror.
			"Still... it doesn't explain why we're different. I mean, you couldn't hear the dogs talking, could you?"
			"No, nothing." Sparky shook his head. "This weird connection we have... I think it's just us."

			Connor paused. He closed his eyes, hesitated, and reached out. He placed his hand on Sparky's head, and their minds touched.
			Fear. Pain. Rage. All swirling through his mind, like he was pulling the depths of the ocean to the surface. He reached inwards, and Sparky let him in.
			This 'mind-bond' they had was utterly alien to both. The flashes, the shared dreams... and now this. Connor stretched his mind's eye into Sparky's subconsciousness, and watched. He saw himself, bursting out of a steel door, drenched in blood and howling in pain. He felt Sparky's memories, his emotions, his senses... the link grew stronger. Sparky saw through Connor's eyes, and Connor through Sparky's. The line where one ended and the other began had blurred into oblivion.
			Connor saw the torment Sparky had faced. Horrific surgeries. Agonising tests. He watched as the rest of Sparky's litter died, until only he was left.
			Sparky saw Connor's own pain. The torments. And others, too. He saw the moment Vince was arrested. He saw the days in the Bogside where Connor's grandfather beat him. He saw a blazing inferno in a car, with his grandmother's burning corpse hanging out. And deeper still, he watched through Connor's eyes as drove a knife through an older man's head.
			It was too much. The two pulled back, and rubbed their skulls, regaining their senses of self. After a short while, they both opened their eyes, and looked down - as though visibly checking which one they were.
			"You okay?" Connor asked.
			"Yeah, I... I'm Sparky, right?" he replied.
			"Yeah. Which means I'm Connor... Alright, I'm okay now. What... What the hell was that?"
			"I don't know." Sparky shrugged. "It felt like we became one person for a moment."
			Connor nodded, and closed his eyes again.
			"Who was that man?" Sparky asked.
			"Which one?"
			"The one you stabbed. I felt that memory..." Sparky explained.
			Connor sighed. "James Laverty." he finally said, half-spitting the name. "He... he was mine and Amy's foster-carer."
			"What's a foster-carer?" Sparky tilted his head.
			"They're supposed to be caregivers." Connor explained. "A bit like what I am to you. Someone who isn't your parent, but raises you anyway. But he... he was a monster."
			Worse, deeper memories washed into Connor's mind. Flashes of Laverty... and what he did to Amy. He reached his hand back out, and rejoined his mind with Sparky.
			Sparky took in the flashes, then pulled his head back in disgust.
			"Good work." he nodded. "But you were a pup back then?"
			"Yeah, it was before I got my powers." Connor shrugged. "I don't know how, I just... I went berserk. After that, I was taken away by the police. Thankfully, they decided not to press charges, and that's how me and Amy came to live with Vince."
			Connor sighed. He recalled the memories he'd gleaned from Sparky.
			"I saw your memories too, you know. You... You survived all of that."
			Sparky jumped up, and rested his head on Connor's lap. "You did too. Until I met you, I never knew humans could be nice."
			"You've always been so good with people though." Connor replied. "When Amy came back on your first night with us, you were so good with her. And you were just as good with our other friends."
			"I guess... It's because I had you." Sparky mused. "You saved me from that place. So, I trust you. And that means, I trust who you trust."
			Connor smiled warmly. "I trust you too."
			He went to stroke Sparky's head, before realising he was using the wrong arm. He chuckled grimly.
			"We've both been through hell." he began. "And that's not gonna heal any time soon. But we have each other. Before I had you, I was... I was a wreck. I wanted to die, because the pain was too much. But then you came along. And you were the only creature on Earth who could know what I was going through. More than that, you needed me as much as I needed you. So looking after you... helps me."
			"What do you mean?" Sparky tilted his head.
			"I mean, when it was just me, I could let myself fall apart. But with you here, I have to stick around to help you. Not only that, when you're suffering, I've gotta do something. I can justify not helping myself - I can't justify not helping you. And through that, I learned to help myself. Throgh being kind to you, I learned to be kind to myself. Through helping absolve you, I... I found my own absolution."
			Sparky nuzzled his face into Connor's chest.
			"You're right. We're the only things like us. Which means we can get through this pain... together."

			At the same time, Naismith was overlooking the smouldering ruins. Nina approached him.
			"Good news, sir. We were able to shift the wreckage. We've recovered the hand." she said.
			"In what condition?" Naismith asked.
			"Pristine, sir." she replied. "I've already called the FIs to prep for immediate analysis. Though it's missing a lot of bone, they should still be able to extract prints and DNA."
			"Missing bone?" Naismith tilted his head.
			Nina nodded. "I'm no FI, but it looked to me as though he'd cut the flesh around the bone, and then just pulled until the wrist popped off. As a result, there's the flesh from the wrist, but no forearm-bone. Well, either that, or he doesn't have forearm bones." she chuckled.
			Naismith smirked. "The man's a bloody alien, I'll tell ya."
			As he said this, the hand was brought past them in a container. Nina yelped, as did an FI - the hand was *twitching.*
			"Jesus..." Naismith muttered. "What the fuck?"
			"The techs will have a field day, sir." Nina nodded, shuddering.
			"Well then." Naismith smiled. "Let's get to work."

		Trauma-dumping
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was past midnight now. Connor had been dreading this, but it needed to be done.
			He opened his flat's door.
			Immediately, his eyes flashed red for a second. He saw Amy's heartbeat behind her door.
			She was sat against it, as if barricading herself away.
			Timidly, he approached. He could hear her breathing quicken as he walked, and her heart skip a beat as he knocked.
			"Amy..." he whispered. "It's... it's me. Connor."
			She didn't say anything. She just silently sobbed, covering her mouth so as not to scream.
			He sat down against her door. Even without super-senses, she could feel her brother's presence opposite her.
			Connor sighed. "These... these men, they shot me in the head. They took me away, and they... did something to me. Experimented on me. Tortured me. Made me into... this."
			Her breathing trembled.
			"I wanted to tell you..." he continued, his voice cracking. "I... I was just scared. Scared it might put a target on your back, scared you'd think I was crazy, scared I *was* crazy... and scared that I'd scare you. Like now."
			She sniffled softly, clutching her knees.
			"I know it's a lot... I can't imagine how you are right now, but I..." he began, tears rolling down his face. "I could really use my sister right now."
			She took a deep breath, stood, and opened the door. He rose too.
			She wordlessly pulled him in for an embrace. He held his arms out awkwardly, before wrapping her in them. They both took a moment to breathe.

			Finally, she pulled back, and looked at him, before going pale again.
			"Uh... What the hell?! What happened? W-where the fuck is your hand?!" she stammered, horrified.
			"Oh, shit." Connor sighed, sitting her down.
			"What happened?!" she repeated. Sparky jumped up, and curled into a ball next to her. She absently stroked his fur, grounding herself.
			"I got pinned under some rubble." Connor explained nonchalantly.
			"You... You cut off your own hand?" she asked.
			"...yes." he nodded. "It was either that, or get caught by the police."
			"Can you grow hands back? Is that one of your superpowers?"
			Connor allowed himself a chuckle. "Superpowers?"
			"You *do* know I saw you outside the Horse, right? Getting shot in the chest six times and barely flinching?" she cocked an eyebrow.
			"Fair enough." he grinned. "Anyway, I'm not sure. Never lost a limb before. But..." he began, pulling up his sleeve. "It's healed a little. Look at the bone - there was more sticking out ealier. Hell, my wrist-bone seems to be growing back too."
			He pointed at the stump, revealing a fledgling wrist-joint forming above his arm-bone. His skin and flesh was creeping up the bone, covering it neatly. He hadn't looked at it in the light, but now he could see - His bone was dark, as though someone mixed calcium with coal. His brain flashed back to his school chemistry lessons, but he shook his head.
			"Plus, I've grown back teeth before, and I've healed away scars." he shrugged.
			Amy gulped, and held his stump gently.
			"So... you're gonna be okay?" she asked finally.
			"Probably. If not, I'm sure I can get some decent prosthetics from the KGB." he answered nonchalantly.
			"The KGB?" she cocked her eyebrow.
			"Long story. But yeah, the KGB are helping me. Whoever these freaks I'm fighting are, they're clearly connected to fascists - and for all their faults, the KGB *hate* fascism."
			Amy nodded slightly, then allowed herself a chuckle. "Christ, if Vince knew you were working with communists, he'd be jumping for joy."
			Connor laughed. "Just wait 'til we get the IRA on-side."
			She giggled, then went quiet. "So... You're the 'Werewolf' people have been talking about?"
			"I have *no* idea where that nickname comes from." Connor chuckled grimly. Amy allowed herself a laugh.
			"Yeah. It's fucking lame." she snarked, still in shock.

			She paused, hesitant. "You... you mentioned torture?"
			Connor sighed, and nodded. "The Commandant - the guy who phoned earlier. He put me through hell."
			"Why? Why would he do that?"
			"Not sure yet. But either way, he kidnapped me, tortured me, and changed me."
			He took a deep breath, before continuing.
			"It wasn't just physical. I mean, they cut me up, zapped me, put me in an ice bath, waterboarded me, you name it. But the worst was the tricks."
			"Tricks?"
			"One time, he let me think I was escaping. Just as I was about to leave, he shot me, and brought me back in. Not only that, they fucked with my head somehow... the memories are jumbled."
			"So how did you escape? How did you come back home?"
			"I snapped." he shuddered. "The Commandant was gone, and there was some other goon stood with me. I bit his throat out, and... ate him."
			"*Ate him?!*" she gasped.
			"I... it's not how it sounds. I'd been starved, and I was half-feral." he quickly explained.
			"I-I'm not judging you." she quickly corrected. "You did what you had to do, I'm sure of it. Just... a lot to process."
			He nodded, and swallowed, as if forcing the memories back down.
			"Anyway... after that, the whole place got blown up. I was buried then, too - didn't have to cut my hand off, though. Instead, I got burned to a crisp. Managed to dig my way out, and... ended up back here. The rest, I suppose you know."
			She nodded. "And... now, he's dead?"
			"No. This was just a trap. He's... he's still out there." he shook his head. His voice slowly turned to a growl.

			Amy paused, taking it all in.
			"I... Thanks for telling me. And... I get why you didn't."
			He smiled sadly.
			"Does anyone else know?" she asked. "Besides, you know... the *KGB?*"
			"Tommy knows." Connor admitted. "You remember Reece Tomlinson?"
			"Slater's goon? The one who got his head shot off?" she tilted her head. "He was one of the cunts who came at me in Raj's."
			"I killed him." Connor sighed. "I didn't mean to. He came for me shortly after I escaped, and I hit him in the chin."
			"His head had been blown off with a shotgun!" Amy countered.
			Connor sighed. "I'm *that* strong. When fighting humans, it's like their skin is paper and their bones are glass. It's taken me a hell of a lot of effort to avoid killing them by accident."
			"Humans?" she interjected, head tilted.
			Connor sighed again. "I'm not human anymore. Whatever they did to me... It's safe to say, I'm post-human. As are the people I kill."
			"So those rumours about the Patriots..."
			"All true. The people I'm hunting have this weird drug... it makes people stronger, faster, tougher, you name it. For some reason, I'm tougher than most who take it. Still working that one out."
			Amy shook her head. "I thought I recognised that look on your face."
			"Hm?"
			"When you first came to mine, after you went missing." she explained. "You had a look on your face - like shellshock. You looked the exact same way when... when you killed Laverty."
			Connor tensed up a little. "Yeah, I suppose I did. Guess I was always a killer, then, eh?"
			"No." she said firmly. "You killed him to save me. Same as the other freaks you've taken out - you killed them to save other people."
			Connor took a deep breath, and nodded. "Yeah, I... I suppose. I definitely don't regret killing *him.*"

			"Anything else I need to know? Can you fly or something? Laser eyes? X-ray vision?" she quipped.
			"Super-senses." he nonchalantly shrugged. "Strength, endurance, stamina... you've seen the shapeshifting, too. I've no idea how it all works. Oh, and Sparky can talk."
			"WHAT?!" she shrieked.
			Sparky trotted over, and smiled.
			"Remember the night I brought him back?"
			"Y-yeah. You said he'd been mistreated by the Patriots." she nodded, aghast.
			"I lied. He'd been tortured by the Commandant, too. Whatever they've done to me, they did to him as well - he's got my powers, too. And for some reason, that means we're able to communicate. There's some... I don't know, telepathic thingy. We also share dreams."
			"You're...You're fucking with me, right?" Amy asked incredulously.
			"No. For the first time in too long, I am telling no lies at all." Connor said, smiling.
			Sparky gently licked Amy's hand.
			"So... You can talk, huh?" she asked.
			"Yes! It's a shame you can't hear me, but maybe Connor can translate?" he said, which Connor immediately relayed.
			"Hah, that's... I mean, I just saw my brother change from wearing a hoodie and jeans into a kevlar bodysuit and back again. I think talking dogs are the least weird thing right now." she smirked slightly.
			"Hah, good point! I can prove it, if you like - ask me to do something too complicated for a dog to have been trained to do, and I'll do it." Connor relayed this too, and Amy thought for a moment.
			"Okay... Take the number 5, and take away 3, then add 7. Don't say the answer, just bark until you've barked the exact number of times the answer is." Amy said, folding her arms skeptically, not expecting Sparky to pass this test. Immediately though, Sparky barked nine times, and then smiled.
			"Wait, that's... Holy shit. You... You can understand?! You're... You're a person?!" she said, amazed.
			"Yes! You believe me! Hello!" Sparky replied excitedly.
			"Holy hell..." Amy responded, awestruck. "We have a talking dog. Amazing..."
			"I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner..." Connor said shyly.
			"Don't be." Amy smiled. "I... I understand why something like this would need to be secret. Which is why you can't tell anyone else."
			"Amy?" Connor asked, raising an eyebrow.
			"You can't tell anyone else. Even the people you trust. Not until this whole... whatever this is blows over."
			"You're right... telling more people just creates more targets for them to go after." Connor mused.
			"Exactly." Amy nodded. "And it increases the chance that someone will slip up. I'm so, so glad you told me - but I'm not going to tell anyone. And I'm begging you not to tell another soul about this, until the whole thing is sorted."
			"You're right." Connor agreed.
			"That includes Chloe." Amy said firmly.
			"Wh-why would I tell Chloe?" Connor asked shyly.
			"Because anyone with functioning eyes can tell you both have the hots for each other." Amy smirked.
			"Hah, that's... Anyway, I wouldn't tell her." Connor replied, blushing.
			"Speaking of..." Amy grinned. "Why haven't you asked her out yet?"
			Connor laughed. "You just found out I've amputated my own hand, I'm a mutant vigilante, and I have a talking dog - and you're asking me about *dating?*"
			Amy chuckled. "Answer the question, dipshit."
			Connor giggled, then sighed. "Well... Look at the life I live. Hell, even before I became *this,* I was still working with Tommy."
			She gave a sad, soft smile. "I get it."
			Then, her eyes lit up, almost devilishly.
			"I have an idea."
			"Oh, God..." Connor smirked.
			"You don't get scars, right?" she asked. "You just heal them away?"
			"Where are you going with this?"
			"Well..." she chuckled. "You know how I've been trying to convince you to let me give you a tattoo?"
			Connor sighed, then grinned.
			"You get to be my test subject." she laughed. "I've got a load of cool new designs I haven't tried yet."
			"You... you wanna use me as a skin canvas?"
			"Hell yes I do." she laughed. "Even if I fuck up, you'll be fine."
			"Eh." he shrugged. "I suppose I've had worse experiences with needles and experiments the past month."
			She paused. Connor chuckled, then laughed heartily.
			At that, Amy burst out giggling. Sparky joined in, licking both and wagging his tail.

		Amy learns the truth
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Naismith and Nina stood in the office of Chief Constable Ronald Dorsey.
			"DNA analysis on the hand has come back, sir. It's... engimatic, to say the least." Naismith opened.
			"What do you mean, Naismith?"
			"Well, sir... according to the FIs..." he began.
			"Spit it out, man!" Dorsey interrupted.
			"Yes, sir. According to the FI Report, the DNA on the hand contained 61 chromosomes - an odd number. I should note, humans only have 46 chromosomes, or 23 pairs. Worse, the additional chromosomes aren't copies of originals - they're completely new. The mere existance of unpaired chromosomes is... well, unprecedented." Naismith explained.
			"What?! There must be some mistake." Dorsey replied incredulously.
			"No mistake, sir." Nina interjected. "Pardon me, sir. The FIs checked their results and checked again. They say they've also seen reports of similar anomalies in some of the bodies recovered before, but nothing on this scale." Nina's voice was steady, but her furrowed brow betrayed her unease with the results.
			"So what, this vigilante is some kind of alien? Is that what you're telling me?"
			"No, sir. What I suspect is that we're dealing with a man who knows how to cover his tracks. My suspicion is that the chromosomes were fabricated, or harvested from other animals or plants. The hand... must be a decoy. Injected with some kind of genetic modification technology to throw us off the scent." Naismith stated plainly.
			"This is... quite the development, Naismith." Dorsey sighed.
			"If I may, sir..." Naismith began. "This is way beyond our capabilities. I think we need outside assistance."
			"I know just who to call." Dorsey muttered. "And, pair of you... treat this as top secret information. No one outside this room learns of this. Give me the names of those FIs."
			"Sir." Nina and Naismith nodded. They left.

			As soon as his subordinates were out of earshot, Dorsey made a phone call.
			"Commandant. I fear the investigation has found something sensitive."
			A pause.
			"Commandant, with respect, I am trying to keep a lid on things, but I--"
			Shouting came over the phone.
			"Yes, Commandant. I will call Morland immediately. Do not worry, I will not fail. No one will know about Progeny."
			Muttering was then heard from the phone.
			"Thank you, Commandant. Hail Victory."

			Connor awoke in the early afternoon. He yawned, stretched, and looked at his hand. It had fully regrown. He looked at his watch, stretched his fingers, and clenched his fist. Sparky trotted over.
			"Hey bud." Connor smiled.
			"Everything okay?" Sparky asked, tilting his head.
			"Yeah... Hand feels funny. It grew back quickly, but... still aches." Connor nodded. He sighed, and took a deep breath.
			"Oh yeah, I was gonna ask. You've noticed our eyes glow red when we're pissed off, right?"
			"Well, I've not seen my own eyes - but I've seen yours in a fight. Mine are the same, aren't they?" asked Sparky.
			"Yeah. Thing is, they do the same when we're using our super-senses. But when I get those 'Rages' we have, I'm not using my sense powers - not really. If anything, I just see red - literally."
			"I'm a wolf, not a scientist." Sparky shrugged. "Chloe seems to know more about this kind of thing."
			"Yeah..." Connor nodded, looking away. "We can't get her involved. Anyway, I think it also happened when I used that armour power. And I'm pretty sure it happened last night - you know, when I stopped the bleeding."
			"Is that important?"
			"Well, at first I'd assumed my eyes turned red because that helped with the super-senses. But it's looking more like they do that whenever I'm using any of our 'active' powers, at all. Armour, weapons, super-senses, reflex mode, wall-crawling, regeneration..."
			"Those black veins show up, too. I mean, normally they're hidden by your mask, but..." Sparky noted.
			"I assume they do that whenever your eyes go red, too." Connor shrugged. "But given you've got black fur anyway, it's not easy to tell."
			Sparky tilted his head. "Ivan and the other Super-Agents have those black veins all the time. But they're not using the same powers we do."
			"Too many questions, and not enough answers." Connor sighed. He left the room, and knocked on Amy's door.
			
			"You okay?" she asked groggily.
			Connor chuckled, and waved his regrown hand at her. She woke up fully, and grabbed it.
			"You're okay..." she whispered.
			Connor smiled. "You have work in 20." he chuckled.
			"Fuck, shit, fuck." she gasped, slamming the door shut and getting dressed. He laughed, and made himself and Sparky some protein shakes. No sooner had they finished drinking before she emerged, fully dressed.
			"Damn. Don't suppose you have super speed, or something?" he snarked.
			"Fuck off. You've already got one sidekick." she grinned. Sparky yapped, before nuzzling her.
			"Drive you?" he offered.
			"Yeah, please." she nodded.
			The drive was short, and Amy spent most of it trying to wake herself up fully.
			He parked up, and waited for her to speak. After a short silence, she did.
			"So... Thank you for being honest with me." she began.
			"I wasn't." Connor sighed. "I kept this from you. Technically I didn't tell you - you found out."
			She chuckled slightly. "Anyway... what are you up to tonight?"
			"Sparky and I are gonna go on patrol." he nodded.
			"Patrol?"
			"Yeah. When we don't have any active mission to go on, we spend our evenings hopping over rooftops, to see if we spot anything. That's what most of our 'late night walks' have been."
			She nodded, smiling. "Well... they say you should walk your dog every day. Guessing it goes double for super-wolves." she grinned. The trio laughed.
			"Good luck on patrol." she said at last. "Try not to lose any more limbs, you fuckin' idiot."
			Connor laughed heartily. "I missed your banter. You've been a right mopey cow for the past 12 hours."
			Amy smacked him playfully. "Fuck you." she grinned.
			Connor giggled. "Fuck you, too. Call me if you need me."
			"As long as you do the same. I mean, not sure what I can really do, but hey." she chuckled. She turned to face Sparky.
			"Have a good time out, buddy. Keep him humble for me, yeah?"
			Sparky licked her face, and yapped happily. "Bye, Amy! We'll see you soon!"
			Connor smiled warmly, and Amy left the car. He drove back to their place, parked up, and turned to Sparky.
			"Do you..." he began.
			Sparky excitedly barked. "Yes!"
			"Do you wanna..." he carried on, doing a baby-voice.
			"Yes! Yes I do!" Sparky barked again.
			"Do you wanna go walkies?!" Connor finally grinned.

		Morning of truth

	Helping Hands
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			A heavyset man in a business suit sat at his desk. A large, muscular man entered.
			"Commandant." the man on the desk began, rising to his feet.
			"As you were, Morland." the Commandant answered. "Report."
			"Our friend Dorsey has contracted us to study all abnormalities within this 'superhuman' case." Morland began.
			"And?" the Commandant asked.
			"We will of course ensure that no important information is released to the police, sir. However... We could use the opportunity to make some... investigations of our own."
			The Commandant smiled. "I'm listening."
			Morland smiled back. "There's a young student who joined us recently. Her name is Chloe Derrington. And, well, sir... she's a genius. She's managed to make breakthroughs in the Hox gene reactivation project. With enough time, she could help us develop a mass-producible limb regeneration effect. Our operatives' lifespans would be increased tenfold."
			The Commandant stroked his chin. "Derrington..." he muttered. He looked on his phone, and smiled deviously. "Put her on the case. Have her study the bodies of any Agents killed by the betrayer."
			"Of course, Commandant." Morland nodded. "Anything else?"
			"Can this 'Derrington' be turned to our cause?" the Commandant asked.
			"I... No, Commandant. She's a cripple. She should have died at birth - her intellect notwithstanding." Morland replied, disgusted.
			The Commandant thought for a moment, before looking at his phone again - a profile of Chloe.
			"She's friends with the Betrayer." he began. "But she doesn't know it's him. As I understand it, a hand from the betrayer should make its way to you. Have her study it too. Reverse engineer it, if you can. We are in dire need of more serum. And... see if we can make any improvements to Progeny."
			"Of course, sir." Morland clicked his heels. "Hail Victory."
			"Hail Victory." the Commandant nodded, and left. He pulled out his phone.
			"Agent. Reach out to our proxies in the Patriots. Have them wait for a young woman with glasses and black hair."

			Later that evening, Chloe finished her shift at Morland. She pulled out her phone, and called Bea.
			It rang for a solid minute, before Bea finally answered.
			"Hey, girl! How was work?" she asked.
			"Hey! Yeah, good! Really busy though. We've been looking at some synthetic steroid-analogues." Chloe replied. She went to continue speaking, but Bea interjected.
			"I'm really sorry, honey - I'm out with Charlie at the moment. Can I call you back later?"
			Chloe stifled a sigh. "Yeah, no problem!"
			"Great! Okay, see you soon!"
			Chloe sighed openly. She paused for a moment, and phoned Amy.
			"Heya! How's it going?" she answered.
			"Hey! Yeah not bad thanks! Just finished the day at my work placement." Chloe replied, cheerfully.
			"Oh wow, how'd it go?"
			"Good thanks! Later than usual finish today - we're so busy! Apparently, there's this new drug on the streets that the police want us to investigate - not sure why! Still, it's good work experience. I'm just walking home now. Are you out?" she asked.
			"Oh, yeah - I think I heard rumours about that." she said evasively. "Nah, chilling at mine tonight. Connor's out for a jog with Sparky though, if you wanna meet him?"
			"Aww, bless you. Do you wanna hang out, or do you need space--excuse me? Sorry, what? Wait! Hey, give me my phone back! Ahh!" Chloe began, before being cut off.
			"Chloe? Chloe?! FUCK!" she shouted, before quickly calling Connor.
			"Yo, dickhead, what's--"
			"Chloe's being attacked!"
			"What?! Where is she?"
			"Outside her work... argh, what was it called?! "Mor-" something... Morland Genetics!"
			"That's the big tower building in Belson - we're close by!" Connor said, his hearts pounding. "SPARKY!" he roared.
			"Let's go!" Sparky barked back, rushing to his side.
			The two sprinted at full speed - fast enough that when Connor turned the corner to head down the street, he had to skid and catch himself to retain his momentum. They spotted the alleyway, where Chloe was with two men - Connor motioned for Sparky to jump up and go around while he took the front.

			Connor stood menacingly, staring at the man close to him. The man swung with a metal bat, but Connor grabbed it in his palm without flinching, before a karate chop to the neck made the man writhe in pain. Seeing his opening, Connor grabbed the man's wrist, and twisted his arm backwards, before spinning him one way and punching another, knocking him out cold.
			As he turned to face Chloe, she swung her bag at the man, but he easily dodged, and grabbed her arm, pinning her in place. He put a knife to her throat.
			"Don't move, or the bitch gets it." he growled.
			"Connor!" she cried, her voice trembling. She struggled to break free, kicking the man's leg.
			"Ow! Stop squirming, bitch!" he shouted.
			"Let me go, right now!" she barked. "You saw what just happened to your friend - you think if you hurt me he won't do the same?"
			The man pushed the knife up to her throat. She swallowed, as the blade pressed against her skin.
			Connor froze. He put his hands up slowly.
			"Listen. I'm no threat to you right now. But the moment you hurt her, you lose all leverage. At that point, nothing stops me from taking that knife and slitting your throat. Now LET HER GO-" he barked, his voice booming those three words, "-and I'll let you leave."
			The man laughed. "Fucking wasteman! Let this be a lesson to all of you cunts in Redbridge! Yeah that's right, I know who you are! What do you say to that?!"
			Connor's face hardened. If looks could kill, his would be genocidal. It took all his self-control to stop his eyes from glowing.
			He looked, right behind the man. Two yellow orbs - no. Eyes. Wolf eyes. 
			"Aw. Cat got your tongue?" the man jeered. "No words?"
			"I've got two words." Connor growled.
			"Oh yeah?" the man laughed. "What's that? Lemme guess - 'feck yous'?!"
			Connor shook his head, and couldn't help but grin savagely. "Get 'im."
			With that, Sparky grabbed the man's arm with his mouth, and threw it away from Chloe's throat. She ran towards Connor, who caught and embraced her. Sparky launched the man to the ground, breaking his arm and taking off the skin. His paws did the work, digging into the man's eyes. He screamed in a blood-curdling way... and the last thing he ever saw from that day on was a snarling, pissed-off wolf.
			"Enough." Connor barked. Sparky snarled, and pulled back to Connor's heel. He rubbed his side againt Chloe's legs, trying to comfort her.
			"Are you okay?!" Connor asked, looking into Chloe's eyes.
			"I'm... oh god, I was so scared..."
			Connor held her close to him.
			"Let's get you home. I'll get you a taxi, and we'll take you home." he said softly.
			"Thank you... Thank you so much..." she whispered.
			Connor took off his hoodie and handed it to her. She thanked him and put it on.
			"Did they steal anything?" he asked.
			Chloe shook her head.
			Connor shuddered before speaking. "Did they... did they hurt you?"
			"They only knocked me onto the ground." she replied. "Thank god you got here... if you hadn't, they would've..."
			Connor nodded sympathetically, and the trio walked on.
			"How did you guys get here?" she asked.
			"We were out for a jog - Amy phoned me." he replied. He checked his phone, and saw 6 missed calls. He clicked the notification, and realised it was actually 63. He called back.
			"Oh my god! Is she alright?!" Amy answered immediately.
			"Hey, Amy..." Chloe answered. "Yeah, I'm okay, don't worry about me."
			"Oh, thank fucking god..." she sighed deeply.
			"Let's get you a taxi home." Connor began.
			"Thank you... can you come with me?" she asked.
			"Of course. We'll have to leave Sparky, but he'll be okay." Connor replied.
			"No, I wanna make sure she's okay!" Sparky protested, but Connor motioned silently to reassure him.
			"We can't leave Sparky here!" Chloe shook her head. "It's okay, we can walk. I'd feel safe enough walking with you both there." she smiled softly, putting on her bravest face.
			Connor paused for a moment.
			"My place is close by - we can drop Sparky off there and get a taxi to yours?" he suggested. "I'll make sure you get back safely, and then I'll head back to mine."
			"That works." she nodded.
			"I'll meet you at ours." Amy added.
			"Thanks, girl." Chloe smiled warmly, as the call cut off.
			Sparky nuzzled into her hand, and looked up at her with big, sad eyes. She leant down and stroked his ears.
			"I'm okay buddy... thanks for saving me from that scary man!"
			"If anyone hurts you, I'll more than blind them." Sparky growled.
			"Bless him... I wonder what he's trying to say?" Chloe asked.
			"If I had to hazard a guess..." Connor began, "It's that he'll always protect you."
			Connor winked at Sparky, who nodded, appreciating the translation.

		Chloe's attack
		______________________________
		SCENE
			They made it back to Connor's block of flats. They stood outside the block for a moment, before Chloe pulled Connor in for a hug. While he at first was unsure, he put his arms around her.
			"I'm sorry." she said. "I know you don't like hugs."
			"It's okay." Connor smiled. "I don't dislike them - I just never know where to put my arms."
			They both chuckled.
			"Hey, um..." Chloe looked down shyly. "Tell me no if you don't want to, but... would you mind if I stayed round yours tonight? I'd feel so much safer with you guys there."
			"Oh, I mean--absolutely. It's not... It's not the nicest of places, but if you wanna stay, you're more than welcome."
			"Thank you..." she smiled. They headed into Connor's flat.
			As he went to open the door, he faced her. "I should warn you, it's a bit of a tip - I haven't had a lot of time on my hands lately..." he said, embarrassed.
			Chloe smiled. "It's fine - I'm the last person who can criticise hectic timetables."
			He opened, and Amy pounced on Chloe, pulling her into a hug.
			"Oh my god, thank fuck you're okay..." she said.
			"Hah, hey Amy..." Chloe smiled, sitting down.
			Connor looked around, noticing the place was more organised than he'd left it.
			"Cheers for tidying up, sis." he grinned.
			"You lazy fucker." she snarked back.
			"So - I'll take the sofa out here, and you can have my bed?" Connor asked.
			"No no, I won't make you sleep on the sofa in your own home!"
			"It's okay, really - it's a sofa bed." Connor smirked.
			"Well, then, I'm sure it'll be fine for me." she smiled.
			"You sure?" Connor asked, concerned.
			"Yes, absolutely." she replied. "Anyway... do you guys mind if we just sit down for a bit? We can sort our sleeping arrangements later."
			Connor chuckled, and the gang got comfy on the sofa. Sparky laid at their legs.
			Chloe rested her head on Connor's shoulder. He gently stroked her arm.
			"Thank you... thank you so much." she said.
			"It's nothing... I just... I'm so sorry that happened to you."
			"Thank god you were nearby."
			"I'll say." Amy nodded, giving Connor a subtle look.
			"You must've been really close by, too - you weren't even panting when you got there." Chloe noted.
			"...I guess I was really scared. Scared about what could happen to you. So I ran as fast as I could. Maybe it's like those stories of people lifting cars off of babies?"
			"Yeah, maybe..." she leant back. Amy gave him a knowing nod.
			"Where did you learn to fight like that?"
			"From my uncle. He taught me and Amy, and Trey as well, how to fight. He used to teach Brazilian Jiu-Jutsu and Muay Thai." Connor replied fondly. "Remember the guy who tried mugging us the other week? The technique I used to stay behind him - that's called Baguazhang. He got this kung-fu guy to teach us that."
			"Ugh, Bagua..." Amy groaned nostalgically. "I hated those lessons, I kept tripping up."
			"Yeah, having two left feet isn't great for that stance." Connor snarked.
			"From what you've said, your uncle sounds like a legend." Chloe smiled.
			"He is..." Connor said sadly. "He's, uh... he's in prison at the moment. Armed robbery. But it was my fault, I..."
			"It's okay." Chloe said comfortingly. "We don't have to talk about it."
			"Thanks..." Connor nodded, relieved.
			Amy sighed. "It's not your fault. But yeah, we'll leave it for tonight."
			"I wish I could fight like that. I was useless back there." Chloe lamented.
			"Not at all. You pointed out that if he didn't let you go, he was signing his own death warrant. Doing anything more than that could have got you killed."
			"Still. I froze... I hate that I froze."
			Connor paused.
			"You know, people think there's just fight-or-flight. But it's not. It's fight, flight, or freeze. And, freezing was the best way to keep you alive. A wise friend once told me - trust your first instinct. Your senses usually get it right the first time - don't overthink it."
			As Connor said this, Sparky looked at him with pride.
			"If you could have flown, you would have done that. And if you could have fought, you would have done that."
			He paused again.
			"Do you want to learn how to fight?"
			She lit up. "Me? I mean, it'd be great... Would you... would you be up for teaching me?"
			"Absolutely! We can do sparring sessions, either one-on-one or we get Trey and Amy down too. We'll make a boxer out of you yet." Connor smiled.
			"Fuck yeah! Me and you can take turns beating him up." Amy grinned.
			"Hah. Yeah, I'd really like that. Learning to fight, that is." Chloe nodded. She stretched.
			"Hold your chin up?" Connor asked.
			Chloe looked confused, but did as she was asked.
			Connor looked closer. "Yeah, the knife left a mark. Should heal in a couple days, but still..."
			"It could have been so much worse if not for you guys." Chloe replied, smiling softly. "I... I can never thank you enough."
			"Hey, thank Sparky. I just walked him there." Connor grinned.
			Chloe chuckled, and scratched Sparky's ears. Sparky pressed his head into her palm, and looked up at her.
			"Thanks so much, buddy. You're my hero." she said to him.
			Sparky smiled, and licked her neck. "I'll heal that in no time."
			"Haha, hey, that tickles!" she grinned. "Mind if I get a drink?"
			"Of course not! I can get you one if you like?" Connor offered.
			She chuckled. "I'm spooked, I'm not an invalid."
			"Right, of course..." Connor chuckled, scratching the back of his head.
			She smiled. "Thank you, though." before rising and getting herself a glass of cold water. As she walked back to the sofa, she noticed Connor's desk, with the half-finished clocks on it.
			"I didn't know you made clocks?"
			Connor chuckled. "It's a... weird hobby. I buy antique-style clocks from this shop in Blackmarsh, and I take them apart, then try to put them back together from memory."
			"That's fascinating!" Chloe smiled. "Is there a particular reason, or just for the fun of it?"
			Connor shrugged slightly. "It's a bit of both. It started as a way to practice keeping my cool under pressure - I'd listen to the sound of crying babies while doing it, to try and maintain composure under stress."
			Chloe chuckled. "Pretty sure that's what they use in Guantanamo."
			Connor laughed. "Well, nowadays I just do it to keep my brain busy."
			Chloe smiled and nodded. She took a small packet out of her bag.
			"Sorry, I just need to take my medication..." she said shyly.
			"Don't be sorry." Amy smiled reassuringly. "It's not like we *want* you to have a seizure, anyway."
			She giggled, and swallowed her pills.
			"Oh, by the way - Amy knows about my VS too." she added.
			"I wouldn't trust her with personal stuff like that." Connor snarked.
			"Hey, I wouldn't take the piss out of *her.* Only you." Amy quipped back. "I mean, you're the one who outed me, after all."
			"Amy..." Connor began, grinning. "I didn't out you. Your overall vibe did."
			"Hey, my gaydar is about as functional as the rest of my social skills." Chloe laughed, getting comfortable on the sofa between the faux-bickering siblings.
			With that, her phone rang.
			"Oh, hang on - it's Bea." she said, then answered.
			"Hey, girl! I'm so sorry I couldn't talk ealier!" Bea said cheerily. "I just knocked round yours - did you go out tonight?"
			"Hey Bea... Uh, I didn't get home in the end. I, um..." Chloe began, "I got attacked outside my work."
			"Oh my god! Are you okay? Where are you? Are you safe? Did you--" Bea panicked.
			"I'm okay." Chloe cut in. "I phoned Amy just before it happened, and thank god, she phoned Connor and he was nearby with Sparky. They got to me before I could get hurt."
			"Oh thank god..." Bea sighed in relief. "Are you with them now?"
			"Yeah, they're here." Chloe nodded.
			"Hey, Bea." Connor piped up.
			"Yo." Amy chimed in.
			"Guys... thank you so, so, so much." Bea replied. "You're heroes."
			Amy gave Connor a nod of approval.
			Connor smiled. "No problem."
			"Anyway, Bea - I'm gonna get some sleep. I'm back in Uni tomorrow - can we talk then?" Chloe asked.
			"Yes, absolutely. I love you." Bea answered.
			"I love you too." Chloe smiled warmly. She turned to face the pair.
			"You alright?" Amy asked.
			"Yeah, just... just tired." she yawned.
			"We'll let you get some rest." Amy smiled.
			"I'll stay with her." Sparky nodded, curling up closer to her.
			"Hah, at leat I've got company." she grinned, snuggling with him
			Connor smiled warmly, and made his way to bed.

		Connor's Flat
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Rays of morning sunlight poked through the blinds in Connor's flat. He woke up, morphed on some clothes, and walked into the living room.
			"Morning..." Chloe yawned, stretching.
			"Hah, morning." he smiled. "Make you breakfast?"
			"That would be lovely!"
			"We've got bacon that needs using - bacon sarnies good?" he asked.
			"Yeah, that'd be nice!" she nodded, standing up.
			"Make me one too, please!" Sparky yawned.
			"Bacon?" Amy added, lifting a drooling face off of her pillow.
			"Christ, you're more canine than Sparky." Connor grinned.
			"Eat a fat dick." Amy growled, hitting her head back down into the pillow. Chloe giggled.
			"How do you like your bacon? Crispy, or floppy?" Connor asked, getting the pack out of the fridge.
			"Ah, however it comes." she smiled.
			"Did you sleep okay?" he asked, laying the bacon on the frying pan.
			"Yeah... I actually slept better than usual." she blushed.
			Oblivious, Connor smiled.
			"So, anyway... How have you been? Besides... well, you know."
			"Oh, I'm okay." Chloe nodded. "I'm a little worried about Bea though."
			"Oh?" Amy asked, eyebrow raised.
			"She, um... She's been seeing this guy recently. Charlie."
			"Something tells me you're not a fan?" Connor noted.
			Chloe chuckled. "Yeah, he was in our year at school. He texted her out of the blue last month, and they met up. She's liked him since then - but he always used to string her along."
			Her voice betrayed a level of distrust.
			Sparky chimed in with a low grumble, almost imperceptible. "Chloe sounds unhappy." he said. "You should ask her what she thinks of him."
			"Huh. I always thought Bea seemed to know her value - why would she fancy someone who would mess her about like that?" Connor asked.
			"Beats me. I mean, I'm glad she's happy, but... I don't know. Something about it feels off."
			"Like a wolf in sheep's clothing?" Amy asked.
			"Yeah..." Chloe agreed.
			"That doesn't even make sense. Sheep don't wear clothes, and even if they did, why would I wear them?" Sparky pondered. Connor stifled a chuckle.
			"I never questioned it back then - I assumed it was just her being a hormonal teenager - but it does seem strange. I mean, people can change, sure..." she mused.
			"People change." Amy agreed. "But in my experience, only when pushed to."
			
			Connor finished cooking off the bacon, and placed the rashers into buttered slices of bread. He cut the sandwiches diagonally.
			Chloe smiled. She pulled out a small kit from her bag, and removed a fingerstick. She jabbed, checked the reading, and took out her insulin pen. She lifted up her shirt slightly, but then pulled it down.
			"Oh, sorry, sorry." she said hurridly, blushing slightly. "S-Sorry, I know it's gross, I can... go do it in the toilet, it's fine."
			Connor looked at her quizzically. "It's okay! We don't mind."
			"Oh god, no, not insulin! For a diabetic?! Whatever shall we do?!" Amy snarked.
			Chloe smiled, pleasantly surprised, before injecting herself. Connor brought their plates over. He put down a bowl with bacon for Sparky, who greedily devoured it.
			"Thank you." Chloe smiled warmly. She took a bite. "Mm, they're nice!"
			Connor went to speak, but his mouth was full, so he made a "Hang on." gesture with his hand. Unfortunately, he'd taken a big bite, so it took a little while for him to chew it down and swallow. Chloe giggled.
			Connor cleared his throat. "Hah, thanks. I think it's the butter."
			"It tastes a little cheesy, now that you mention!"
			Connor chuckled. "Yeah, they do this cheese-butter thing in the corner shop down from here. I know it's probably, like, *super* unhealthy, but it tastes too damn good!"
			Chloe laughed. "Well, you're not wrong there. I'd happily get heart disease if I could eat these every day."
			Connor smirked. "My door's always open to any who wish to try the world-famous Barrett Bacon Sarnies."
			"God, the memories of this." Amy grinned.
			Sparky licked the butter from his bowl - Connor had spread some on the base of it.
			"Can I have another?" Sparky asked.
			"Hah, he wants some more!" Chloe chuckled.
			"'Course you can, bud." Connor smiled, rising to the hob, and revealing some leftover cooked bacon. "That's why I made extras."
			Chloe laughed in surprise, and Sparky barked in excitement.
			
			"So, um..." Chloe began, facing Connor. "You... You and Sparky aren't going to get in trouble over last night, are you?"
			"No way." he shook his head. "They're with the Patriots - which means they're almost certainly known to the police. Chances are they already had warrants out for them. If they go to the cops, they're fucked."
			"How do you know that?" Chloe asked sheepishly.
			"Tattoos?" Amy asked him.
			"Tattoos." he nodded, before turning back to Chloe. "In the Patriots, you only get those ones once you've been arrested. It's how they weed out the less... committed. The local mafiosos have a similar practice where they pull out a tooth and give you a gold one. Hence their name - the Gold Tooth Grins."
			"City of gangs, this is." Amy sighed. "The Grins and the Patriots are fighting over Belsson, and there's the Syndicate over here."
			"And the banking cartels in Caldermouth." Connor quipped. "Of course, their theft is legal."
			Chloe nodded in understanding. "Is that... Is that something everyone knows around here?"
			"No." Connor hesitated. "It's um... It's something you learn in Redbridge."
			"What do you mean?" Chloe pushed.
			Connor sighed. "I... I know this is going to sound bad, but..."
			Amy gently nudged Connor with her feet.
			"Connor." Chloe interrupted. "You saved my life last night. Safe to say, you're in my good graces right now." she chuckled softly.
			Connor smirked. "You ever noticed how, outside of Caldermouth, this city is practically infested with gangs?"
			"I've noticed."
			"Well, Redbridge is the sole exception - until recently, of course. My uncle and my boss, Tommy, founded the Redbridge Syndicate - RS for short. The idea was to fight fire with fire. They run a monopoly on crime, essentially. They regulate the unregulated economy, and keep the more unsavoury gangs out."
			He paused, hesitant.
			"When I was 18, I started working with Vince. It's not like he pressured me into it or anything - it's the opposite. I wanted to be just like him. So, we started working together. Little things, here and there. I was always good with computers, so I used that. In less than a month, we were privy to every digital communication they were sending and receiving - which meant we knew exactly when and where they were buying heroin, running a job, or intimidating a business. But I also came along with him for... well, I guess you could call them heists."
			Chloe leant in, intent on listening.
			"There was one job... it was meant to be simple. A betting shop owned by the Patriots. The plan was, he would steal all the physical cash, while I made the accounts send their money to a shell company, then daisy-chain the cash through to us. It was foolproof. But then... I got sloppy. I must've missed an alarm, or something. The place was swarming with cops. My uncle stayed behind to cover my escape. They picked me up, but they didn't have enough evidence to charge me, so they let me go. Him, they threw the book at."
			Chloe nodded sympathetically. "That's why he's in prison?"
			"Yeah." Connor sighed.
			She put her hand on his. "I'm so sorry." she said softly.
			Connor smiled, and stroked her hand.
			"It wasn't your fault." Amy patted his shoulder. "Vince... he doesn't blame you for what happened."
			Connor nodded softly.
			"So..." Chloe began, "Are you still involved in the Syndicate?"
			"Yeah." Connor admitted. "I... It's not a risk. I'm not doing anything like what I was before."
			Amy gave him a knowing look.
			Chloe nodded her head sympathetically. "What do you do for them?"
			"Primarily investigations." he shrugged. "Looking into the Patriots and their connections."
			He swallowed. This part technically wasn't a lie, at least.
			"What else?" she pressed.
			He looked away for a second, and looked back at her.
			"Well... You saw how I was last night. I'm not proud of it, but I'm a pretty good fighter. So, when Patriots come down and attack our places, if I'm nearby, I'll help out."
			Chloe thought for a moment.
			"Do you work for them too, Amy?" she asked.
			"No." Amy shook her head. "Trey used to. Technically, Raj's is under their protection."
			Chloe nodded in understanding. Connor held his breath.
			"Thank you for telling me all this..." she began. "I know it wasn't easy. And... I get it. I mean, this part of town has no police, no public services - it sounds like it's better to have something like the Syndicate than being run by the men who attacked me."
			Connor smiled. "Thanks. It... It means a lot to hear you say that."
			Chloe smiled warmly. "I've got uni in two hours - can you give me a lift to mine? I need to get changed."
			"Yeah, no worries." Connor nodded. He hesitated. "And... to be clear, this isn't me trying to be weird or anything, but... do you want a lift home from work in future?"
			Chloe relaxed on hearing the offer. "I wasn't gonna ask, but... yes, please."
			"Of course." Connor smiled. Amy gave him a nod of approval.
			"I'm just gonna go to the toilet quickly." Chloe smiled, rising. She left the room, and Amy turned to face Connor.
			
			"So..." Amy whispered. "She took that pretty well."
			"Shut up." Connor grinned.
			"I'm serious." she continued. "Still... don't tell her what you told me. Not yet."
			Connor nodded, before whispering. "I have a suspicion that those thugs last night were connected."
			Amy turned pale. "Then you need to stop these fuckers."
			"Agreed." he growled. "Anyway... why don't you take Sparky out for a walk while I drive her?"
			"Yes please!" Sparky yapped happily. "I'll be good, I promise!"
			Amy grinned. "Hell yeah. Can't wait to saunter around Wyrmrock with a fuckin' Dire Wolf."
			Connor laughed. "I'm gonna meet up with my 'friend' in the KGB later - we normally meet at the bench by the duck pond in Wyrmrock - you know the one?"
			Amy nodded. "Want us to circle around to you guys?"
			"Yeah, do." Connor said. "You cool if I tell him that you know?"
			"Why do you need to tell him?"
			"In case anything happens to me." Connor explained. "I... It's a dangerous job, as the other night proved. Be good if he had next-of-kin, you know?"
			Amy nodded. "Yeah, tell him. But just so you know, if you *do* die, I'll kill you."
			Connor laughed. "Is it bad that I'm more scared of you than I am of them?"

			Amy chuckled, as Chloe came back from the bathroom.
			"Right, I'll just go let Sparky out for toilet, and then we'll drive you off." Connor smiled, heading down with Sparky.
			Chloe sat down, and sighed contently.
			"You alright?" Amy asked.
			"Yeah, fine." she smiled. "Well, as fine as I can be, considering."
			Amy nodded, before hesitating. "Anything like this ever happens again, just phone Connor, he'll be right there."
			"Well, he's not always gonna be jogging in the same part of town as me." Chloe shrugged. "I'll speak to security about what happened. I doubt it was a targeted thing."
			Amy nodded. "Just... we're all here for you, okay?"
			"Thanks, girl." Chloe smiled. "And thank you so much for last night."
			Amy smiled back, before a cheeky expression came over her. "Sorry if I got in the way of you two."
			"Hm?" Chloe tilted her head.
			"Well, I don't know how it works for straight people, but let me think - dashing young man comes in, saves you from some ruffians, then you spend the night at his..."
			Chloe's face turned a deep red. "I--No, I--I think you've--you've got the wrong idea." she stammered. "I just--It felt safer being here with you guys. Both of you. A-and if you weren't here, n-nothing would've happened anyway, I--"
			"Sure, sure." Amy nodded. Chloe rolled her eyes and laughed.
			"I hope you'll be teasing Connor just as much." she said, breathing out.
			"Oh, he's gonna throttle me." Amy grinned. "That, or he'll deflect and say *he* was blocking *me.*"
			Chloe laughed at that.
			"You know..." Amy began, cautiously. "It's okay that you like him."
			"I--Yeah, I like him, we're friends." Chloe stammered again.
			Amy chuckled. "Alright, I won't push."
			At that, Connor came back in with Sparky.
			"You were gone a while." Amy noted.
			"Sparky did a monster poo." Connor shrugged nonchalantly.
			"Yeah, almost as if I'd been holding it in all night." Sparky snarked back.
			"Ooh, backchat." Amy grinned. "He's definitely a Barrett."
			Sparky jumped up, and licked Amy across the face. "You're getting it! Oh, I wish you could hear me properly."
			Amy giggled, and stroked him.
			"Right, Chloe - good to go back to yours?" Connor asked, jingling his keys.
			"Yes, please." she smiled, rising. The pair left.

			Amy turned to face Sparky.
			"Right, buddy..." she began.
			"Yes?"
			"Do you..." she grinned.
			Sparky barked in excitement. "Go on!"
			"Do you wanna..."
			Sparky licked her face.
			"Do you wanna go walkies?!"

		Morning in Connor's flat
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Sparky leapt in the air from the ground below. He drove his claws into the bark of the tree next to him, and in less than a moment, he had scaled the whole tree. He launched back down, rolled, and panted happily.
			Amy knelt down and rubbed his belly, smiling.
			"You're such a good boy, buddy." she cooed.
			"Thank you! I do my best." Sparky yapped back, and winked.
			Amy laughed.

			Across the park, Connor and Ivan watched from a bench. Connor smiled.
			"He's doing good, no?" Ivan asked, grinning.
			"Yeah, he's a good boy." Connor nodded.
			"And... you're sure he can speak?"
			"You came back from the dead, met a bloke who can shrug off bullets and change clothes into armour - but a talking dog is too much for you?" Connor smirked back.
			"Haha! Fair point, tovarishch." Ivan laughed. "Just trying to wrap my head around all of this khernya. But if you're sure he can talk..."
			He pulled out a collar.
			"And this is?"
			"Well, it's hardly fair only we get fancy earpieces." he began. "This collar has one built in. It transmits audio very quietly - but with his hearing, that won't be an issue. And since he doesn't have thumbs, he can press it with his paw to transmit."
			"That... that'd be very handy." Connor smiled. "Thanks."
			"Ne bespokoysya."
			Connor paused. "He and I had a heart-to-heart the other day. Or, hearts-to-hearts."
			"Pardon?"
			"Oh, that reminds me. How many hearts do you have?"
			"I have one, you bezumnyy pridurok." Ivan replied incredulously.
			"Me and Sparky have two. One on each side." Connor shrugged.
			"Bozhe moy... Anyway... you were saying?"
			"Like we knew, I was dragged into a lab of theirs, tortured, and subjected to attempted brainwashing. But according to him, somehow, I broke out, and took him with me. We ran far, but were attacked. He was brought back to the lab - he doesn't know what happened to me. But if the timeline adds up, I must have escaped again shortly afterwards."
			Ivan leant back, taking in the information. "That tracks with a lead I've been looking at."
			Connor paused. "We also... We seem to have the ability to mind-meld."
			"Chto?" Ivan tilted his head.
			"I can't explain it..." Connor said, brow furrowed. "But somehow, we have this 'bond.' When we sleep next to each other, we always end up having the exact same dream. Sometimes, when we touch each other, we'll see flashes of the other's thoughts. And weirdest of all... the other night, we managed to fully join our minds together. I could see his memories, and he could see mine. When we stopped, there was a short moment where we couldn't tell which one we were."
			Ivan stroked his beard, deep in thought. "A month ago, I would've thought you were crazy. But after what we've seen..."

			He lit a cigar, and offered Connor one. Connor cocked his eyebrow, before taking it.
			"Never smoked cigars before - but if this is what they're all like, I just might start." he chuckled, taking in the smoke.
			"Cuban. Very good. Long live Comrade Castro." Ivan smirked.
			"Viva la revolution." Connor grinned back.
			"You've been a busy man, haven't you? This has been a very good partnership." Ivan began.
			"How are our friends at the KGB doing?"
			"Good, good. They like you - we tell you where these mutant punks are, and you send us their heads - or photos of them, which is good enough. You're a real soldier of the revolution, tovarishch." Ivan nodded.
			"I'm not big on politics, but the way I see it, killing these psychos is always a win." Connor said grimly.
			"That it is." Ivan chuckled.
			Connor paused. "So... I'm guessing there's a big file in the KGB offices with my entire life story, right?"
			"We're not amateurs." Ivan grinned.
			"So you know all there is to know about me... And I still know fuck-all about you." Connor smirked.
			Ivan laughed, and took a deep puff of his cigar. He paused.
			"Okay..." he began. "I'll tell you this. Before I joined KGB, I was in the army. I was a commissar."
			"A commissar? You mean those fellas with the big hats whose job was to shoot their own men?" Connor asked cheekily.
			Ivan grinned. "Big hats, yes. Shooting our own, not so much. Even in the worst days of the Great Patriotic War, Commissars would only summarily execute during open mutiny. Trigger-happy commissars tended to suffer 'friendly-fire' incidents miles behind the front lines."
			"Where does the stereotype come from, then?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Well, when the Nazis were being pushed back, some soldiers in the Red Army... they acted towards the civilian populace in a manner unbecoming of socialist militants. It became common knowledge that, if a woman was being... violated, by Russian soldiers, she should shout 'Commissar!' and the offenders would be shot. When the Cold War came around, this reputation was twisted to make the Soviet Army seem so cartoonishly incompetent that we needed a special rank to kill our own troops."
			Connor nodded his head in understanding. "But you... did you ever shoot your own men?"
			Ivan paused, before taking a deep puff once more.
			"Once." he finally said. "Grozny, Chechen ASSR. See, I was fairly high-ranking. Regimental commissars aren't there to keep an eye on the troops, they're there to keep an eye on the general. A commanding officer was running away, leaving us soldiers to die. So, I shot him in the head, and rallied our troops. We drove the rebels back. After that, my time as a commissar was finished - no way in hell any general would willingly work with me. So, the KGB approached me, and the rest, as they say, is history."
			Connor leant back in awe.
			"Anyway, enough history." Ivan grinned, before turning serious. "I've got some bad news."
			"Me too." Connor sighed. "You first."
			"The police. There was a report about a little incident last night - two skinheads got mauled by a boy and his wolf. Sound familiar?"
			"They reported it?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Da. Coppers were gonna come and get you for GBH and violating the Dangerous Dogs Act. They were also gonna seize, and probably kill Sparky. Well, they'd *try* - and I imagine that'd be a whole new issue. Thankfully, MI5 managed to pull some strings, get you off the hook... and on theirs. You owe them a favour now." he nodded grimly.
			"Shit..." Connor sighed.
			"What about you? Your bad news?" Ivan asked.
			"The police, too." Connor sighed. "They've got my hand."
			"Your hand?" Ivan asked, raising an eyebrow.
			"I had to cut off my hand to escape a burning building. Oh yeah, we can grow back limbs." Connor said nonchalantly.
			"So, your hand just grew back?" Ivan asked, incredulously. "What did it feel like?"
			"Like every nerve in my body was on fire." Connor shooks his head.
			"I'm nowhere near as strong as you, neither is anyone who's taken that serum." Ivan said somberly. "What we are to people, you and Sparky seem to be to us. Case in point - KGB has captured these Agents recently. We dismembered one - his hand has yet to grow back."
			"Really?" Connor asked. "As if this wasn't confusing enough."
			"You're telling me." Ivan grinned.
			Connor paused, then pointed at Amy and Sparky. "Um... She knows about me."
			Ivan tilted his head.
			"She, um..." he continued. "You've heard of the Commandant?"
			Ivan cocked an eyebrow. "He's their leader."
			"Yeah." Connor grimaced. "He tortured me and Sparky personally. Anyway, he phoned me the other night. Baited us into a trap. I got so worked up, I accidentally shapeshifted in front of her. Ended up telling her everything."
			Ivan stroked his chin. "Can she be trusted?" 
			Connor met his gaze. "If she couldn't, what would you do?"
			Ivan smirked. "Nothing, tovarishch. Don't worry. I'm just asking."
			Connor relaxed. "Sorry. Just, when the Commissar-turned-KGB sniper asks if someone is trustworthy, that's the part in the film where the conversation turns to 'taking care' of them."
			Ivan laughed heartily. "Okay, confession time... I know I shouldn't, but I absolutely *love* that movie."
			"*You* like Red Rebellion?" Connor grinned.
			"I know! I know, it's borderline-racist against my people, but hey, I like a cheesy action flick. Sue me."
			Connor laughed. "Anyway... she's trustworthy. She wouldn't tell anyone. Hell, she spent half our conversation browbeating me into keeping schtum."
			Ivan smiled. "Good. And... It's good to have someone who knows. Don't tell the world, but having a family member to talk to about this... that'll help keep you sane."

			Connor nodded. "By the way, I sent you over some files from the other night. Did you find the man you were looking for?"
			"Nyet... We did find something though. A name. Optimates."
			"What's that?"
			"The name originates from an ancient Roman political faction - one dedicated to protecting the rich and powerful. It seems this modern-day iteration has the same goals... We thought the whole thing was a hoax, until recently - but files we got from the Algerian DRS confirmed what we already suspected."
			"You're talking about... what, the Illuminati?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Nyet." Ivan shook his head. "This isn't some bullshit conspiracy theory - it's a real, genuine cabal. As far as we can tell, they've been active since the Victorian era - and they were financial backers of the Axis powers during the Second World War."
			"Holy shit..." Connor whispered. "They're fascists?"
			"They're capitalists." Ivan spat. "From what we know, the organisation has its fingers everywhere - think of it as the UN for the ruling class. From South Africa to Australasia to here - you name it, the Optimates' filthy paws are all over it. Anything that lets them continue making money - they'll sponsor fascists to divide the working class; they'll sponsor coups like Hattab's - chyort, we even think they had a hand in the fall of the Soviet Union! All those bastard groups, from the Caucasus to Finland and beyond, they're connected - and it all links back to them. Even your government is compromised."
			"How?" Connor asked, shocked. "How could that happen?"
			"Because for people in power, it was profitable that way." Ivan shook his head. "The corporate fascism of the first world isn't a natural phenomenon. It must be enforced."
			Connor's lip curled.
			"Then we've gotta take them down. If they're as big as you say... they have weak points."
			"You're right on the money, bratan." Ivan grinned. "So far, we've identified a definite connection between them and PaladinCorp - the mercs you tangled with in Algeria."
			"And that armoured cunt." Connor smirked.
			"Him, too. Paladin are their main armed wing. South Africa, being an apartheid state, is filled with politicians who are willing puppts of the Optimates. Worse... Several known affiliates of the Patriot gang here have officially been recruited by a local firm - Gambit Security Services. The KGB did some digging... they're a Paladin front."
			"You mean... the ones who joined..."
			"Are the Super-Agents we've been fighting." Ivan grimly nodded.
			Connor looked up. "So what do we do? Where's the fight?"
			"Hah. I love your revolutionary spirit, tovarishch - and you can start by doing us both a favour." Ivan smiled, pulling out a photo. "Alan Hughes. Real scum. He doesn't sell drugs, no - he sells kids. But he's so connected, he's untouchable - he's beaten every court case he's had to sit in. Got blackmail on everyone in high society. My contact in MI5 is convinced he's part of a larger conspiracy to traffic people - and that said conspiracy is connected to the Optimates. And he's here - presumably, to help trade people to them. My contact wants him gone - we'll seize his blackmail and go after anyone involved, while also punching a hole in the trafficking network. That's a hundred birds with one stone."
			"What do you mean?"
			"First, that's your debt to MI5 paid in full. Second, they'll manipulate the police investigation against you - throw spanners in works, make evidence go missing, etc. And third, I have good evidence he's working with the Patriots - taking him out will weaken their chain."
			Connor thought for a moment. "Why would the Optimates want a child trafficker?"
			"A couple reasons." Ivan grimaced. "First... well, a lot of them are just degenerates. Second... there's a PaladinCorp proxy in the Congo. They like to recruit young, so I've heard."
			"How do we know MI5 isn't another puppet of the Optimates?"
			"The wider agency? Oh da, it's compromised. But my contact - he's clean, I made sure. He's no communist, but he's an honest man. One who doesn't want fascist cabals and men like Hughes running around."
			Connor hesitated for a moment. "I don't know... I've kinda sworn off killing normal humans."
			"He is not a 'normal human'. A bad man, very bad man - and he works with the Optimates. Is that not enough? This man trafficked kids, to god-knows-where." Ivan countered, disgust dripping from his words. "And he's still out there, sipping champagne with politicians."
			"I know. Ivan, if I were... If I were still human, I wouldn't be having this debate. But..."
			"How does having superpowers change anything?" Ivan tilted his head.
			"Because it's one thing to kill Super-Agents. They can't be taken down non-lethally, and they're a threat as long as they're alive - doubly so if they're fascist cabalites. Killing humans... It's a slippery slope. One day, I kill a nonce, the next I kill a mobster, then a petty criminal, and before we know it I'm butchering jaywalkers."
			"Don't act like it's your first time." Ivan shook his head. "I've read your file. Your foster-carer?"
			"You're not getting it, Ivan. There's... something evil in me. A demon in my skull. Always pushing, always tempting. I don't know how strong your senses are, but I can hear people's heartbeats. Not just that - *see* them. When your body's designed to be the perfect predator - everyone around you starts looking like prey. Indulging that, letting that side of me grow - it's bad enough killing the Super-Agents. I wanna kill him - believe me, I do. But I've gotta have some lines, and the ones I have are getting blurrier by the day."
			"What other options are there?" Ivan sighed. "I'll tell you a secret, Connor - Hughes has superpowers of his own. Money. Connections. If he didn't want you to kill him, he shouldn't be selling kids for cabalites. Humans don't do that."
			"...They want him gone, yeah? What if I threaten him into confessing? Screw over his next court case with a smoking gun?"
			"That could work..." Ivan pondered. "Try it. But if he doesn't cooperate, kill him."
			Connor paused. He took a deep breath.
			"I'll do it. And if it doesn't work... he's dead. I promise."
			Ivan nodded. "Good man."

			"One more thing." Connor sighed. "My little mauling session - it was because my friend Chloe was attacked outside her work by those skinheads."
			Ivan raised an eyebrow.
			"Her work being a place called Morland Genetics." Connor continued.
			"Obaldet... That's the lab the police have been using." Ivan gasped. "So, what, you think the Optimates were involved?"
			"If the Patriots are just a proxy for the Optimates..." he shrugged. "It's not that big a leap."
			"Fascists of a feather." Ivan nodded. "Well, there's three posibilities. Number one, just a coincidence. Your friend was a lone woman walking in Belson, it happens. Number two, the Optimates want to strike at Morland, derail the investigation. But... then why not use Super-Agents? Or just infiltrate and steal?"
			"Number three?" Connor tilted his head.
			"This was a warning to you. Hence why they used normal humans instead; they wanted to scare you, not kill her."
			Connor looked away, pale now. "It's my fault, then..." he whispered.
			"Did you attack her?" Ivan asked.
			"No." Connor answered, confused.
			"I was being rhetorical, tovarishch. It's *their* fault. *They* came for her. Use that. Take that hatred you feel now, and use it."
			Connor smirked slightly. "That how you rallied the troops in your big hat?"
			Ivan chuckled. "There's something else, too. I know here in this capitalist dystopia--"
			"Oh, here we go." Connor faux-jeered.
			Ivan laughed gregariously. "Okay, I know here in your 'Free liberal democracy'" he began, generously using scare-quotes, "you like to contract with private companies, but... doesn't it seem strange to you that the police so easily employed Morland?"
			"Something this big, with superhumans - you'd think it'd be MI5, right?" Connor tilted his head.
			"My contact's suspicious about this whole thing. We have no evidence, but... something stinks. I'll make sure we keep a close eye on Morland - for your Chloe's safety."
			"Thank you." Connor nodded, relieved.
			"See you soon, tovarishch." he smiled.
			"Call me if anything changes." Connor nodded back.
			"Will do. Do svidaniya."
			"Do svidaniya." Connor replied, butchering the pronunciation.
			Ivan chuckled, and left.

			With that, Amy and Sparky came over.
			"All done?" she asked.
			"All done." Connor nodded. "How was the walk?"
			"It was great!" Sparky barked happily. "We saw birds, and squirrels, and I climbed a tree."
			Connor smiled softly. "Didn't eat the squirrels, did you?"
			"Damn." Amy grinned. "I know he can talk to you, but it still amazes me."
			"And I didn't eat anything. Which reminds me - I'm hungry. Can we go get some food, please?" Sparky begged, his puppy-eyes boring into the depths of Connor's soul.
			Connor chuckled, then absently scratched behind his packmate's ears, grounding himself in the familiar warmth.
			"So..." she began. "What are you doing now?"
			Connor paused. "I, um... I'm gonna go and threaten someone. Maybe kill them."
			"Oh..." Amy nodded. "Well, try not to get your hand chopped off again." she grinned.
			"No promises." he snarked back.

		Ivan reveals the Optimates
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Alan Hughes sat in his luxurious home, sipping from a glass of red wine. He glanced at his phone, and then it rang.
			"Hello, your honour! ...Good, glad to hear she was to your liking. Another? Of course! What do you want? ...Okay, how old? Hmm... Youngest I can do is 7. Excellent. See you soon."
			He raised the glass to his lips, but the sound of a click behind him stopped him cold. Slowly, he turned around to see Connor, standing in the shadows, his gun aimed directly at Burn's face.
			"It could be over like that, Hughes." Connor growled. "And it will be - if you don't confess."
			Hughes froze for a moment, his eyes flicking to the gun and back to Connor. His expression faltered for a brief second, but then he quickly recovered, a smirk playing at the edges of his lips.
			"Don't try to call for help." Connor snarled. "The men you had outside folded easy enough."
			"Oh god... Okay, I knew this day would come. I'll confess. Just - just don't pull that trigger, alright?" Hughes trembled.
			Connor kept the gun steady, not lowering it for a second. "You have three hours. Try to skip town, I'll kill you."
			Hughes nodded, the smile still present but now forced. He looked almost relieved.
			"Yeah, yeah, I'll... I'll get the confession ready. You'll have it, don't worry." he half-begged.
			"Try anything funny, and you'll regret it."
			Without another word, Connor grabbed Hughes by the throat and raised him in the air.
			For a moment, the world went silent.
			Connor dropped him, and then grabbed his forearm, before snapping it in his hand. Hughes screamed in agony.
			"CONFESS." he repeated. "Or that'll be your neck." He turned and exited the room. The door clicked shut behind him.
			Hughes caught his breath, clutching his arm in agony. He grabbed a large first-aid kit, and placed it in a sling, before pulling out his phone.
			"Commandant? I need a favour."

			That evening, Connor and Trey were out in the Singing Horse.
			"Here we are..." Trey said, putting the beers down and sitting.
			"Nice one." Connor grinned, taking his beer.
			"Drink up, bro." Trey smiled, taking a big sip.
			Connor swallowed, and leant back. "This is nice."
			"Yeah... I've missed hanging out like this. Don't get me wrong, I love our little gang of oddballs, but sometimes it's nice to just chill one-on-one." Trey nodded, smiling.
			Connor looked down, guiltily. "I'm sorry I've not been hanging out lately."
			"I know... It's not your fault, you're just busy. We're not kids anymore, are we?" Trey replied, lamenting adulthood.
			"Hah, not anymore... Hey, your birthday's in a few weeks, right?" Connor asked.
			"Yeah, the 10th. You coming?" Trey replied hopefully.
			"I wouldn't miss it if the world was burning down." Connor smiled.
			Trey beamed happily, and leant back. "So, anyway... what have you been up to with Tommy?" he asked.
			"Eh, this and that..." Connor replied evasively. "Mainly trying to do something about the Patriots."
			"Fair do's." Trey nodded. "Listen, if you wanna get back out of that life..."
			"I'll come right back to the repair shop. Don't worry, bro. I've learned from... from how things went down." 
			Connor's mind turned to Vince's arrest.
			"Good lad." Trey smiled. "What are you guys doing about the Patriots?"
			"I've mainly been working on messing up their computers. They actually do a lot of their stuff online." Connor answered.
			"Really? Never saw those skinhead thugs as being tech-savvy." Trey replied, eyebrows raised.
			"You'd be surprised." Connor sipped his drink.
			"And... Have you heard anything about that... 'werewolf' everyone's been talking about?" Trey asked.
			Connor's hearts skipped their beats. "Uh... I've been keeping out of all that business." he said, hating having to lie to his best friend.
			"Hey, I get it... You can't talk about it, can you?" Trey nodded. "But, I just... Is it true? Is there really some... 'werewolf' running around, taking out skinheads and saving lives?"
			Connor paused for a moment. "Okay, I'll tell you this - he's real. He's not a werewolf, but Tommy's met him personally. Don't tell *anybody* you heard that, though."
			"Whoa..." Trey leant back.
			Connor felt a sharp pang of guilt, knowing full well that Trey deserved the truth. But... not yet.
			With that, Connor's phone buzzed. He looked down - it's Ivan.
			"It's Tommy, one sec." Connor gritted his teeth and headed to a quiet spot. He answered.
			"Privet, tovarishch!" Ivan began.
			"Hey, boss. I'm out for a drink with my friends, do you need me to come back to work?" Connor said, looking around nervously.
			Ivan laughed jovially. "Haha! We need to work on your covert tactics. Next time, act like I'm your girlfriend."
			He laughed again. "Anyway, to business - Hughes is skipping town. He's meeting up in a warehouse tonight with Super-Agents, and bringing gunmen, and slave-girls. Kill the bastard - address is 14 Rudyard Street, Belson."
			Connor nodded. "He's a dead man." he growled, and hung up. He returned to Trey's table.
			"All good?" Trey asked.
			"Yeah, all good..." Connor sighed. "I've--"
			"You've got some work to do?" Trey tilted his head.
			"...I'm sorry."
			"Don't be." Trey smiled sadly. "Just... don't be a stranger."
			He rose, and embraced his best friend. Connor sighed, and hugged him back tightly.

			It was raining, now. DI Naismith stood in the police station car park, smoking a cigarette.
			A rattling noise caught his attention, and he turned to look. Then, he felt something grab his arm, twisting it, before slamming him against his car bonnet.
			"Agh! The fuck?!" he growled.
			"Detective. Listen closely." Connor snarled, clad in his costume. "In a couple of hours, I'm going after Alan Hughes."
			"Hughes?! The human trafficker?"
			"No, a different one. Yes, the fucking trafficker!" Connor barked. "He's got slaves there with him. I need someone to take care of them once he's dead."
			"Yeah, right. Why should I believe you?!" Naismith spat.
			"Because I heard the way you hissed his name. We share an enemy."
			He struggled against Connor's iron grip. "Nah... There's no way I'm doing you a fav--"
			Connor cut him off by lifting him up, and slamming him back down, winding him.
			"LISEN TO ME! It'll be in Belson - Rudyard Street. I'm killing him tonight either way - if you wanna miss the party, that's on you."
			At that, Nina arrived, and immediately drew her gun.
			"ARMED POLICE! STAY RIGHT THERE!" she barked.
			Connor spun around, and shoved Naismith right at her. She caught him, and they both turned - but Connor was gone.
			"Fuck..." she gasped. "Are you alright, sir?"
			"I'm fine." he sighed, looking out into the distance.
			"I can't believe it... he's still got two hands." she noted.
			Naismith nodded. "Maybe my gut was right. Maybe it *was* a fake we found. Anyway... You busy tonight?"
			"I'm still on shift for an hour. Why?"
			He rolled his shoulder, feeling it click.
			"...it looks like we have a new CHIS."

		Connor and Trey go for beers
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor stood perched on a rooftop, overlooking a warehousing unit. He motioned his hand forward, and Sparky revealed himself.
			"How many?" Connor asked.
			"15 men, all armed. 1 Super-Agent, guarding Hughes. 5 women and girls, captive. Also, a funny smell. Not sure what it is - some kind of bleach."
			"I gave him his chance - now it's time for action." Connor growled, his face hard as stone. "Christ, I should never have even thought of sparing him. I should have just killed him there."
			"This way, we get to take them all down." Sparky nodded, his fur blowing in the wind. "What about the armed humans?"
			Connor's face turned to a scowl. "Being merciful was a mistake... You and Ivan were right. It's time we indulge our instincts."
			"Good." Sparky growled excitedly.
			"Kill them all. Let's get those girls home." Connor motioned.
			His body was a blur as he charged into the fray. The gunmen barely had time to react before he was upon them. His fists smashed through the first man's ribcage with a devastating jab.
			One man lunged at him with a knife, but Connor sidestepped and grabbed the man's arm, twisting it until there was a disgusting a snap. The man dropped to the floor, writhing in pain.
			Connor spun, catching another gunman off guard. He slammed the man's head into a nearby metal shelf, the crunch of bone ringing through the air. The next gunman aimed his pistol, but Connor caught the muzzle with his hand and bent it in half, before delivering a brutal knee to the man's stomach. The man collapsed, gasping for air.
			"YOU HAD YOUR CHANCE, HUGHES! REMEMBER THAT!" Connor howled, his words shaking the air around him.
			Sparky, with deadly precision, moved through the warehouse like a phantom. He pounced on one gunman, his jaws sinking deep into the man's throat, tearing him apart with savage efficiency. He slashed at another, his claws cutting through flesh like a hot knife through butter.
			As the last gunman fell, Connor paused to catch his breath, his body covered in sweat and blood. He looked at the captives, his face hardening once again.
			"Sparky, get them out of here. Behind that door..." Connor looked ahead. "Is Hughes and the Super-Agent. They're mine."
			"Got it." Sparky nodded, like a soldier.
			"You lot, go with the dog - you're safe."
			One woman who understood English translated for him, and the girls left with Sparky.
			Connor opened the door, and found himself in a plastic corridor - with several ventilators present. The doors slammed shut. A voice came in on the intercom.
			"Traitor! Listen, and Obey!" the voice shouted.
			"Nice try. Who the fuck is this?" Connor barked back.
			"Insolent wretch! Die now! Die, in your master's name!" the voice growled. With that, a yellowish gas poured from the ventilators. A trap!
			Connor struggled at the door, trying to fight through, but the pain... he couldn't breathe, couldn't see... Chlorine gas. The bleach Sparky could smell...
			He collapsed, gasped, spat blood and bile, and stopped moving. 
			The Super-Agent entered, clad in a full NBC suit, his movements precise and controlled. 
			"Target down. Terminated."
			"Make sure!" Hughes barked over the intercom.
			He approached Connor's prone body and, without hesitation, opened fire into his chest. The sound of the gunfire echoed in the confined space, each shot reverberating through the plastic walls.
			He inspected Connor's body with cold efficiency. But as he moved closer, Sparky's furious barking erupted from the other side of the door. 
			The Agent turned toward the noise, only to find himself knocked off balance by a powerful grip on his ankle.
			Before he could react, Connor's bloodshot eyes snapped open, glowing a furious red. The Rage. With a snarl, he shoved the Agent to the ground, pinning him there with terrifying strength.
			Connor placed his boot on the Agent's face, the weight of it pressing down with crushing force. The Agent struggled, but there was no escape.
			With a final, sickening pop, Connor crushed the Agent's skull like a grape.
			Connor stood, panting, the red glow fading from his eyes as he turned to Sparky. He nodded, and turned to Hughes's room, his eyes glowing once more.
			There, he saw Hughes making a run for it.
			He morphed a throwing knife and launched it across the room. Bullseye. It went straight through Hughes's palm, pinning him to the wall. Connor approached, slowly - like a living avatar of Death itself.
			Hughes could only scream.
			Connor pulled the blade from Hughes's hand, and sank it into his chest. As Hughes desperately clutched Connor's arms, he pulled the blade out again, and in a single slashing motion, liberated Hughes's throat from his neck. He took his photo, and the pair stumbled away.
			On the streets outside, Connor re-morphed into his civilian clothes. He was bruised and battered. He stumbled through the city, clutching his side in pain.
			"Are you alright?" asked Sparky.
			"Ugh... new rule." Connor groaned. "From now on, if our senses pick up something strange, we assume it's a trap."
			"Good point. That's twice now." Sparky grinned.
			Connor chuckled and coughed. He felt his phone ringing - Chloe.
			"Heya!" she began. "Just finished work. Are you out tonight?"
			Connor closed his eyes, and smiled slightly. "Hey." he choked. "Yeah, I'm out. How was work?"
			"Not bad!" she replied. "Are you free?"
			Connor coughed, and spat blood, before answering. "Uh... yeah, just..."
			Immediately, Chloe could tell something was up.	"What's wrong?"
			"Nothing, nothing..."
			"Connor." she replied firmly. "Are you hurt?"
			"I'm fine, honestly..." he replied evasively.
			"Where are you? I'll come right to you."

		Hughes Death/gassing scene

	Blood-Soaked Saviour
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			15 minutes had passed. Chloe had sat Connor down on a bench and was looking at his injuries.
			"What happened?!" she asked, the concern palpable.
			"Nothing, nothing... just some arseholes. Slater's lot." Connor said, swallowing the lies. He hated this. Hated lying to her. But what choice did he have?
			"Was this because of how you rescued me last night?" she asked, trembling.
			"No, not at all." he said firmly. "They're just a bunch of pricks. Besides, Sparky and I fended them off. I just took a few licks on the way."
			"You're badly hurt... we need to get you to a hospital." she insisted.
			"No, we can't... if we go to the hospital, it'll become a whole legal thing."
			Sparky nuzzled Chloe's side gently. "It's okay, Chloe. Connor will be okay."
			"Can you stand?"
			"Yeah..." Connor groaned. It took some effort, but he rose to his feet.
			"Come with me, my place isn't far." she said, firmly yet caringly.
			"You sure? I'm okay, honestly..." Connor meekly protested.
			"I'm sure. This way."

			They arrived at her flat, and she put him on the sofa, turned on the light, and brought out a first aid kit.
			"You're lucky - it's all skin deep. Looks worse than it is." she said. "Bet it hurts, though, huh?"
			Connor winced as she applied the antiseptic, but it was nothing compared to the healing that would happen overnight. He was used to it by now.
			"Okay, um..." she began, blushing slightly. "You'd better take off your shirt, too."
			Connor obliged.
			Chloe looked over his chest - his muscles, incredibly toned - his clothes hid it, but he was clearly very athletic. The bruises over his body scared her. She shook herself out of it before he could realise, and dabbed his scrapes with her cloth.
			"There you go. Are you in much pain?" she asked.
			"Just my pride." he grinned. "I'm okay now. I think I just need to rest."
			"One second." she said, pulling out her phone. "Look into the light."
			He nodded, and let her flash the light into his eyes. His pupils reacted near-instantly.
			"Good... no signs of concussion. You're one tough cookie." she smiled. "Rest up here, first. I'll call Amy, let her know you're okay. Once you're feeling a little better, we can get you back to yours."
			Connor nodded, smiling, and prepared to get comfy on the sofa.
			"You can take the bed!" she cut in.
			"You sure? I don't wanna get in your way..." Connor said, shyly.
			"Connor." she replied. "You're hurt, and you need rest."
			"I know, but..." Connor began.
			"But nothing. I'm wide awake anyway - you go get some sleep."
			He smiled, and nodded. "Thanks, Chloe. I... I really appreciate it."
			She blushed, and nodded back. "Don't mention it."

			Amy, for her part, was sprawled out on the sofa, having fallen asleep while watching TV. She was woken up by her phone ringing.
			She answered with a snorting noise, before clearing her throat. "Uh... hey."
			"Hey, Amy!" Chloe replied. "Um... I just found Connor in Belson. He's been beaten up."
			"Oh, shit." she gasped, waking up. "Is he okay?"
			"Yeah, he's fine - he's just sleeping it off round mine. Once he's feeling better, I'll give you a call."
			"Thanks, Chlo." Amy smiled. "Oh, and if he snores, hit him in the back. That's what I do."
			Chloe giggled. "See you later."

			Some time had passed, and Connor woke up to a prodding on his face. A bright light was shining, and he darted up.
			"Oh, sorry!" Chloe said quickly, turning off her phone's flashlight. "Sorry, I was just checking you weren't bleeding."
			"Oh... shit, I must've fallen asleep." he blushed. "Sorry."
			"Don't be! I told you to get some sleep." she smiled warmly, before yawning.
			"You don't need to keep an eye on me anymore." he nodded. "You can get some rest - I'll head off."
			"You might as well stay here - it's gone midnight." she shrugged.
			"Oh, jeez..." he blushed slightly. "Sorry... here I am, being a bother."
			"Not at all." she smiled warmly. "At least, far less of a bother than I was last night."
			He chuckled. "Seriously though - you can get some sleep. You've got uni in the morning, right?"
			"Work." she groaned. "Are you sure?"
			"Yeah, I'm sure." he nodded. "I'll take the sofa."
			"You can't sleep on the sofa, it's far too small." she protested.
			"Chloe, I can't just kick you onto a sofa you yourself agree is too small to sleep on." he grinned.
			Chloe chuckled. "Alright, don't take this the wrong way - but we can share the bed? It's big enough that we can both fit." she said, blushing.
			Connor nodded. "Okay, but if I get in the way, just kick me out."
			"Amy said I should hit your back if you snore." she grinned.
			"Oh yeah, my weak spot." he smirked. The two laid down and got comfortable. Sparky flopped down in between their legs. Chloe turned to face him.
			"Goodnight." she smiled.
			"Goodnight." Connor replied. As he said this, Chloe leant over and tucked him in.
			"Oh, hah, thanks..." Connor said, blushing. "What was that for?"
			"Oh, just, you know, tucking you in before bed. Like mums do. It's not that weird... is it?" she asked. "I mean, it was that or kiss you goodnight." she chuckled, before blushing - not quite sure why she said that.
			Connor chuckled.
			"Your mum never did that?" she asked, unsure.
			"I'm sure she would have if she didn't die when I was born." Connor said nonchalantly. Chloe gasped and covered her mouth.
			"My uncle tucked me in and kissed me though!" he caught himself. "Well, I mean, on the cheek and stuff. *Not* - Not on the stuff. Just the cheek."
			The pair chuckled. Connor shuffled a bit.
			"To be honest, my mum didn't really, either. Our family nurse, Sveta - she was always much more 'motherly' in that sense." she admitted.
			"Family nurse?"
			"Yeah." she fondly remembered. "Sveta. She looks after my grandad. She's been with us since 2009 - she moved here when the war broke out in the USSR. Hah, one time, a few years ago, I hit my head really hard after a fall. It triggered a seizure, so she ran over and helped me through it. Once I came out of it, she ran through the same concussion checks I just did on you. She taught me them, in case I ever needed to check myself over."
			"Bless her. I... A guy I work with is Russian. He's told me a couple times how brutal it got." Connor replied, smiling sympathetically. He shuffled again, getting comfortable.
			"Wow, this bed is really comfy."
			"It's just a bed." Chloe replied.
			"I know, but... I've never slept on a bed this soft."
			"I mean, it is nice." Chloe said wistfully. "But this fancy bed, that fancy dresser, my fancy kitchen... they's all just *things.* And I'd be fine without them."
			"Huh... It's funny. I watched Vince spend his whole life trying to make us money, and you're saying it's no better off."
			"Oh, I... Not like that." Chloe corrected herself. "I don't mean to sound ungrateful. Of course, having a good standard of living is important. But anything beyond that, you just... you start to think about the things money can't buy..."
			"You mean... an island?" he asked, smirking.
			Chloe giggled. "No, not an island."
			"*TWO* Islands?" he asked, faux-incredulously. They both laughed.
			"Very funny." she grinned.
			"Surely... Surely you don't mean *three...*" he gasped.
			"Hah! Enough!" she laughed, whacking him with a pillow. "Go to sleep, your majesty."
			"Hah, okay. See you in the morning." he chuckled.
			"Sweet dreams." she replied.
			As they slept, they naturally pulled each other into an embrace.

		Connor in Chloe's Flat
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That night, DI Naismith finished talking to an FI at the scene of Hughes's murder.
			He turned to Nina.
			"Any news?"
			"None so far, sir." she replied. "No CCTV footage, or fingerprints. Speaking of which, I've got some bad news about the hand..."
			"...Just what we need. What is it?" Naismith sighed.
			"Nothing on the prints. The labs can't distinguish between the glove and the skin. They seem to be made from the same material. In other words, his costume isn't actually a costume - it's his flesh."
			She paused for a moment. "If... If the rumours are true, if this man really isn't... human, then it's going to be even harder to catch him."
			Naismith stroked his chin. Stubble had formed around it. He rubbed his eyes - the bags forming under them weighing heavily. Finally, he spoke.
			"Whatever this... this man is, he's human. He's not an alien or a monster - he's a man. And men make mistakes. We *will* catch him."
			He turned and looked down at Hughes's body. He grimaced.
			"Clean slash to the neck. Based on the way he's laid, I'm guessing he was pinned to the wall by his left hand. And the gut stab... I'm guessing our killer wanted him to suffer."
			He paused. "Serves the bastard right."
			Nina smiled sympathetically.
			"You know..." he said, talking more to himself than to Nina, "Obviously we're gonna catch this guy... but, well... I can't fault him for taking down Hughes."
			"Sir?"
			"No... nothing." Naismith paused for a moment. "The girls who were being held here. What'll happen to them?"
			"Well, Immigration will want to take over their cases... they'll probably be sent back to Eastern Europe." she replied, a hint of sadness in her voice.
			"So, they escape slavery, just to go back to a warzone..." Naismith sighed. "No. Tell Immigration that they're important witnesses in our case, and, following from investigation, are to be granted amnesty to seek asylum here."
			"Sir!" Nina nodded, beaming with pride.

			Across town, Adam was sat in his home, uncomfortable. His phone rang.
			"Hello?" he frantically answered.
			"What do you have for me?" a voice asked.
			"Um..." Adam began. "According to reports, the Werewolf regrew his hand. He cut it off, and the next time he was seen, it was back again."
			"That tracks with our previous theories." the voice audibly grinned. "Alright, here you go."
			Adam breathed a sigh of relief. "Zack?" he asked worriedly.
			"Adam..." Zack groaned. "Please... Tell Ella..."
			"Zack, I'm sorry... I--" he began, but was cut off.
			"Time's up." the voice snarled. "See you soon."

		Naismith finds Hughes's body
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Chloe and Connor awoke together. She opened her eyes slowly, looked at him, and closed them again, smiling.
			"Oh... Hi, good, uh, morning..." she said, shyly.
			"Hah... morning." Connor replied, blushing.
			"I didn't snore, did I?" Chloe asked, trying to break the tension.
			"Oh, no no... did I?"
			"Like a foghorn." she replied, before breaking into laughter. "Nah, you were silent. This little one, though!" she pointed at Sparky, who was still asleep, and snoring.
			Connor smiled, and stroked Sparky's ears.
			"Crap, it's 8AM. I start work in an hour." she sat up.
			"Shit - want me to drive you?"
			"Your car's all the way back at yours?" Chloe tilted her head.
			"I'll run back. Gets my jog done for the day, and gives you more time to get ready."
			Chloe smiled warmly. "Alright then, yes please!"
			The two got up, and Connor went to the bathroom. He inspected his face - he'd mostly healed, though the Chlorine poisoning seemed to have slowed down his healing - his body focused on rebuilding his lungs as opposed to cosmetic damage. He turned to Chloe, who had put on her glasses.
			"You're looking better now!" she smiled.
			"Hah, not so bad yourself." Connor smirked. She chuckled and blushed.
			"I mean, your face." she corrected, but Connor chimed in again.
			"Damn, I'm getting all the compliments this morning!" he smirked. Chloe chuckled and looked down shyly.
			"You know what I mean!" she said, flustered. "The scuffs and bruises are healing nicely."
			"It was all only skin-deep." Connor smiled. "I've had worse."
			Chloe frowned. He interjected.
			"Not--I mean, it's not like I get in fights all the time, just... Drackhill sucks."
			"There does seem to be something... wrong with this city." she nodded in agreement.
			Connor smiled. "Anyway, I'll let you get ready - I'll run back to mine and grab my car."
			"Okay, thanks!" Chloe beamed. Connor headed into the bedroom, with Sparky still fast asleep on the bed.
			"Sparky!" Connor began. "Wake up, buddy."
			"Ughhhh." Sparky groaned. "Sleep."
			"Sparky..." Connor chuckled. "Wake up."
			"5 more minutes..." Sparky groaned again.
			Chloe walked in, chuckling.
			"If you wanna go get your car, I'll see if I can wake him up?" she grinned.
			Connor chuckled. "Waft some cheese under his nose - he'll be awake in no time."
			"Cheese?" Sparky mumbled, his ears pricking up, before he flopped back down.
			Chloe laughed. "See you in a few."
			Connor nodded, and rushed back to his place, while Chloe had a quick shower.

			Opening the door, he was pounced upon by Amy.
			"Oh, thank God you're okay..." she gasped.
			"Hey, sis." he smiled. "I'm fine. Hughes had a nasty surprise for me, though."
			"What happened?"
			"Chlorine gas happened." he shrugged. "Apparently, I'm very gullible when it comes to traps."
			"Maybe try thinking critically for a change, you dumb cunt." she grinned.
			"*There's* the Amy I know and hate!" he snarked, making finger guns.
			"For a superhero, you're so fuckin' lame." she laughed. "Anyway, where's Sparky? At least when he gives me sass, I can't tell."
			Connor chuckled. "Round Chloe's. I've just gotta grab the car and pick her up."
			"Tell her I said hi - I've gotta run out to work." she nodded. "She, uh... she doesn't know, right?"
			"Nah. Told her it was skinheads." he shrugged. "I felt like shit lying to her, but..."
			She gently brushed his shoulder.
			"I know... but hey, I'm sure things'll look up soon."
			He smiled softly, and left.

			In short order, he pulled up back outside Chloe's block. She came rushing out, all dressed up ready for work. Sparky groggily trotted beside her.
			"Heya, thanks again for doing this..." she smiled, entering the car.
			They drove to Morland Genetics, and parked up.
			"Thanks again for last night... you really saved me." Connor smiled.
			"Hey, eye for an eye, right?" Chloe smiled back.
			"That reminds me - I've got the evening free - did you wanna try sparring tonight?"
			"Oh, that'd be great!" she nodded. "I'll call you when I finish?"
			"Sounds good, I'll drive straight here." Connor smiled. As she left, he exhaled, then turned to Sparky.
			"She, uh... this place. Where she's working... they're investigating us."
			"Oh... Are we in trouble?"
			"No, not yet... I sent Ivan the photo last night, so he'll start having strings pulled to keep us safe. Still... I have a bad feeling that things are going to get worse before they get better."
			"And Chloe?"
			"I don't know... I... I think I'm starting to..." Connor trailed off.
			"Starting to what?" Sparky pressed.
			"Starting to have... feelings for her." he said uncomfortably.
			"Feelings?" Sprky tilted his head. "What feelings?"
			"I... I like her." Connor admitted. "She's so kind, she's funny, she's beautiful... and she's getting involved in the investigation. What if she finds out what we are? Worse, what if they decide to target her? Hell, we know they work through proxies - what if those men that attacked her were sent there by them? Was it a warning?"
			"The way I see it, Chloe's part of our pack now." Sparky said firmly, snapping Connor out of his panic. "Which means we need to look out for her. Either way, she's already involved - and she would have been, with or without meeting us. So, we need to protect her. That means we stay close to her, not push her away."
			Connor looked at Sparky, beaming with pride. "You know, you've grown into such a wise young wolf." he said.
			"Well, I can't take all the credit. I have a pretty good role model." Sparky replied, smirking.

		Waking up round Chloe's/Morland gets involved
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Chloe walked into the lab, and saw a middle-aged man standing there, reading on a laptop.
			"Morning, Jones!" she smiled cheerfully. "Coffee?"
			"I'd love one, ta." Jones nodded. She grabbed a pair of coffees from the machine.
			"So, what are you working on?" she asked, putting their coffees down.
			Jones took a gulp of his coffee, and smiled, enjoying the taste.
			"We've got a weird one." he began.
			"What's that?" Chloe replied, sipping her own coffee.
			Jones stood, and opened up a freezer box.
			Chloe walked over, looked in the box, and recoiled in disgust.
			"A hand?!" she asked, horrified.
			"Belonging to the 'Werewolf'." Jones nodded. "Dug out of some rubble on the 25th. Cops have sent it over. We've had a look at it, but it might be good for you to take a crack before we incinerate it."
			Chloe grimaced. "Alright, let's have a look..."
			She lifted the hand out of the container and placed it on the workbench.
			She began by taking a scalpel, and tried to make an incision. It was a difficult cut, but after considerable effort, she managed to break the surface.
			"Damn." Jones muttered. "It's been over a week since it was severed, and the skin's still that tough?"
			"How did it get severed?" Chloe asked, curious.
			"Not sure. But look at the wrist - it's a clean cut. Working theory is, it got pinned under the rubble, and the Werewolf amputated it himself."
			"Jesus..." Chloe gasped. "What kind of person would just cut off their own hand like that?"
			"The kind that can grow a new one." Jones replied. "Apparently, he's been active since, and seen with 2 hands."
			Chloe paused for a moment. "I'm half-tempted to steal that for the Hox project."
			Jones chuckled. "It's not stealing if you do it in a lab. Then, it's science."
			Chloe laughed, before continuing to dissect the hand.
			"Initial findings?"
			"The skin... it's strange. Aside from the toughness... it seems more like kevlar than natural skin. Hell, I'm not sure if this layer here is meant to be the real skin. It's... it's a glove. But bonded to his flesh."
			Jones cocked an eyebrow. "That... that makes a lot of sense, actually. Hence why we couldn't get fingerprints or anything. But testing it confirmed it was an organic substance, with matching DNA to the rest of the hand... Anyway, what else?"
			"Look at the muscles." she replied. "They're not just denser than normal muscles, they're... I mean, look at the structure of them."
			Jones leant over and looked at the muscle sample Chloe had extracted. While to the untrained eye it looked normal, there was an uncanny quality to it.
			"It's not a normal muscle. It looks like it's been..."
			"Engineered." Jones nodded.
			Chloe thought for a moment.
			"How bloody was it when they found it?"
			Jones paused. "Good question..."
			He pulled up a photo on his laptop.
			"Minimal bleeding... of course." Chloe said, upon seeing the photo.
			"Oh?" Jones asked, curious.
			"Look at the blood vessels - here." she motioned. "Tiny compared to normal. And numerous. He must have angiogenesis levels off-the-charts. It's a wonder he's not a lump of cancer already." she explained. "Such a massive number of vessels would allow minimal bleeding - since, as soon as the hand was cut off, the blood vessels would constrict to prevent exanguination. Having loads of small ones makes that process easier."
			Jones stroked his chin, impressed. "Good find." he nodded. "I guess you could say you're rather 'handy', eh?"
			Chloe rolled her eyes, but couldn't help but laugh.
			"Okay... let's take a look at the bones--Agh!" she gasped.
			The hand's finger twitched slightly, before going still again.
			"...Jesus." Jones shuddered.
			Chloe breathed out. "It's still alive... barely, but still. It must be respirating anaerobically... we'd better hurry up and refreeze it before it starts to decompose."
			"Rather you than me." Jones grinned. "We've got a cold box for that?"
			She tilted her head. Jones stood up, and grabbed a metal box - it looked a little bit like a microwave.
			"Cold box. It's basically a blast chiller you can dissect in." he explained. "There's these little ports at the back with gloves, and the tools are already in there."
			Chloe shrugged, but placed the hand inside, and continued working.
			"When are they planning on incinerating it?" she asked.
			"Tonight."
			"Tonight? That seems like a waste... Can you push it to tomorrow?"
			"Sure thing - any reason?" Jones tilted his head.
			"I think I can do some maths. Figure out specific things - punch force, impact resilience, et cetera..." she shrugged.
			Jones smiled. "Sounds good."

			Hours passed, as Chloe ran calculation after calculation on her lab computer.
			Upstairs in the CEO office, Gregory Morland nervously sat in anticipation. His heartbeat quickened as his desk phone rang. He took a deep breath, and answered it.
			"Yes?"
			"Mr. Morland, sir?" the receptionist began. "Your guests from PaladinCorp have arrived."
			"I'll be right down."
			"Um... they've said the'll have a look around first, sir. Shall I tell them to wait?"
			"No, don't." he hurriedly cut in. "Let them through. Tell them I'm ready in here for them."

			"How's it going?" Jones asked, looking over.
			"It's... fascinating." Chloe began, smiling enthusiatically. "Whatever this 'Werewolf' is, his strength is truly something else. By my estimations, a single punch could have the force of a jackhammer."
			"Jeez." Jones grinned. "I wouldn't wanna go up against something like that."
			"I'll say." Chloe nodded. With that, their lab door opened.
			"Oh, hello!" she said cheefully.
			"Good afternoon." the Commandant said, walking forward. His black-veined eyes were sat behind a pair of thick sunglasses.
			"Can we help you, sir?" Jones asked, subtly positioning himself in front of her, as if making a human shield.
			"Just having a look around is all." he nodded back, before extending his hand. "George Davis - I'm the Commandant of PaladinCorp."
			"Lovely to meet you, Mr. Davis." Chloe smiled warmly, shaking his hand. "Chloe Derrington."
			"Lovely to meet you, too." he smiled affably. "What are you working on?"
			"Oh, I--" she stammered, "I'm not sure if--"
			"It's okay." Jones said softly. "PaladinCorp is one of our biggest shareholders. You can tell him."
			The Commandant grinned, looking down at Connor's hand.
			"We're analysing it for physical qualities." she explained. "Punch force, blood vessel count, toughness, et cetera..."
			"Fascinating..." the Commandant nodded. "It's a very strange business, this 'Werewolf' stuff, isn't it?"
			"Very strange, sir." Chloe smiled.
			"What's your take on him?" he asked. "He's a killer, sure... but I've heard many people think he's a superhero, too."
			"I--I try not to think about it." she shrugged. "It would be good to learn more - if he's such a monster, why does he rescue people too? One time, he even saved me and my friends from some hooligans... But my job isn't to speculate on that, I suppose."
			The Commandant chuckled. "No, I suppose it isn't. It would be... fascinating to learn who's behind the mask, wouldn't it?"
			"I'm sure the police would be very happy with that, sir." she smiled.
			"Well... I'll leave you to it, then. Take care, Miss Derrington."
			"You too, Mr. Davis." she beamed, as he turned.
			"Jones." he muttered.
			"Commandant." Jones said back, as he left.
			"Fucking monster..." he whispered under his breath.
			"What was that, sorry?" Chloe asked, turning up her hearing aids. "I, uh... didn't catch it."
			"Oh, nothing." Jones quickly shook his head. "Let's get back to work."

		Chloe studies the hand
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That evening, Connor pulled up outside Morland. He had a gym bag in the back seats.
			Chloe left the block, wearing a t-shirt, joggers, and trainers - dressed to spar.
			"Hey!" she smiled.
			"Hey, hey!" Connor replied. "You ready?"
			"Hell yeah!" Chloe grinned, clearly excited. "Um... where are we going?"
			"You'll see." Connor replied, smirking. They drove off.
			"By the way, how was work?" he asked, as they sat in a rush hour jam. "Might as well pass the time with small talk."
			She giggled. "This traffic's so bad, they'll rebuild the flyover by the time we get through."
			She paused. "It was good. We, uh... we were looking into something weird today."
			"Like what?"
			"Okay, so... you know that 'Werewolf' story?"
			He nodded.
			"...we have his hand. As in, he cut off his hand about a week ago, and we studied it."
			"That sounds... odd." he chuckled awkwardly. "What did it look like?"
			"I mean, like a normal hand, I suppose." she shrugged. "But we got some fascinating insights into his physical attributes."
			Connor nodded, encouraging her to continue.
			"I probably shouldn't say much." she sighed. "But it's so weird. I think there's something big going on."
			"I know what you mean..." he nodded softly. "I've... heard rumours about it. There was the attack on the train the other week, there's the stories of the Patriots getting their hands on some kind of super-serum... something's not right."
			She leaned back, chuckling mirthlessly. "Not to mention we had some investor come round today. Everyone seemed terrified of him."
			"Oh right?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Yeah. He said he's from 'PaladinCorp.' Said he was a 'Commandant' or something."
			"The Commandant?!" Connor gasped, his hearts skipping a beat.
			"Yeah. Um... do you know him?" she asked cautiously.
			"I--" he stammered, quickly trying to recompose himself. "PaladinCorp are a... they're a mercenary group. If they've sent a 'Commandant' here..."
			"Mercenaries?" she gasped. "Oh, God... what would they want with Morland Genetics?"
			"It's probably nothing." he quickly covered, hating the lie.
			"How do you know about them?"
			He looked away, before sighing. "They were involved, back home. They gave weapons and training to Loyalist paras."
			"Oh, my god." Chloe shook her head. "I'm so sorry... Oh god, should I even be working there? What if they want us to... to figure out how to make more of that serum?"
			Connor gently put his hand on her shoulder. "That's not what you're doing, is it? You're analysing the Werewolf... and hey, you've said before how much you love working on this kind of thing. Don't worry about Paladin... I'm sure it'll all be fine."
			Chloe smiled softly, rubbing his hand. "Thanks, Connor. That... means a lot."

			They drove into Redbridge, and pull up outside the repair shop.
			"So, this is where I work." he began. "There's a gym room at the back - it's perfect."
			Chloe smiled, as Connor unlocked the door. He turned on the lights, which shuddered and shook, but eventually came on.
			His expression turned nostalgic.
			"This place - My uncle used to own it. God, the hours we spent here sparring." he said, allowing himself to remember the moments.
			Chloe smiled warmly. "Do you train often?"
			"Not too often." he admitted. "But it's nice to have a reason to. Speaking of..."
			Chloe grinned, and did some fake jabs in the air.
			Connor chuckled. "Try this." he said, fastening the punching bag to the ceiling and handing her a pair of padded gloves. "Show me what you've got."
			She stepped forward, took a deep breath, and hit the bag meekly.
			Connor tilted his head. "Okay, not bad - at least you know not to tuck your thumbs in."
			Chloe grinned. "How's my form?"
			"You're leaving yourself open a little." he began, mimicing her form. "By leaving your arms outstretched, you leave your centre vulnerable. Remember, you have two arms. As one strikes, keep the other close by to block."
			He shifted into his own stance, and demonstrated a punch in slow motion.
			"Here. By keeping my other hand close to me, if someone tries to hit me, I can use it to defend myself, even if I've already thrown a punch."
			"Got it." she nodded, before throwing another punch, this time adopting a better form.
			"Much better. Now, look at my stance again." he said, this time exaggerating his footing.
			"Oh!" she realised, repostitioning her feet to be more secure.
			Connor smiled warmly. "You're a natural. Now, throw your best punch in that stance."
			She nodded, and launched a punch. The bag swayed slightly.
			"Nice!" Connor congratulated. He approached the bag.
			"Here's a trick I like. Aim 2 inches into the bag." he said, doing a slow-motion one-inch punch, pushing the bag backwards. "As though what you *really* want to hit is behind."
			Chloe smiled. "You're a good teacher."
			"Hah, really?" he smiled back.
			"Yeah. Especially for a beginner like me." she grinned.
			Connor chuckled. "Also, don't forget to turn with the punch. Use your momentum to add force."
			Chloe nodded, and got in position. She took a deep breath, and hit the bag. It swayed a fair bit backwards.
			Connor applauded. "There you go!" he exclaimed.
			Chloe chuckled bashfully. "Thank you, sensei." she grinned.
			Connor laughed. "Okay, so we've got the form and the technique. Now, I wanna test your accuracy."
			He picked up a foam pad.
			"Hit this pad as hard as you can."
			"Oh, okay." she said unsurely.
			Connor held the pad outwards, and Chloe punched it. She hit the side of it, and glanced off, delivering the bulk of her force into his cheek.
			"Oh my god, I'm so sorry! Are you okay?!" she rushed over to him.
			Connor laughed. "Well, your form is good." he chuckled. "Is your hand okay?"
			"My hand? Is your *face* okay?"
			"I'm fine. I braced as soon as I saw your fist slip." he smiled comfortingly. "The bones in my face are a lot less breakable than the ones on your knuckles."
			"My hand's fine. These padded gloves are very useful." she nodded. "Sorry, I didn't mean to..."
			"It's cool." he said softly.
			"Second time in 24 hours you've been punched, now." she quipped. Part of her became worried she'd been rude, but that evaporated as Connor giggled.
			"Let's try again. If it helps, do a slow-motion one first to get a feel for it."
			She did a slow-motion punch to the pad. She tried another slow-motion, and managed to his its centre. Satisfied, she went for a proper punch, and made contact.
			"There you go!" Connor cheered. "Okay, let's mix it up a little. I'm gonna teach you how to block. Don't worry, I'm not going to hit you."
			Chloe nodded. "Let's go for it."
			Connor smiled. "Okay. Assume your stance."
			She took her stance, and prepares.
			"Now, I'm gonna do a slow motion punch. Try to block it."
			She nodded, and Connor performed his demonstration.
			She noticed his fist was above her right arm, so she batted his hand away with it.
			"Very good!" he smiled. "I'll still do slow-mo, but let's try a little quicker."
			They repeated the motion, and she bat it away.
			"Alright. Now, full speed. Don't move, I'll pull back before it hits you. But, try to block it."
			She nodded, and they repeated the motion at full speed.
			"Excellent." Connor smiled. "Now, let's try a demonstration. In slow motion, try and punch me in the face."
			Chloe smiled, and did a slow-mo punch. As her fist neared his face, Connor ducked and threw his guard up high, knocking her fist in the air.
			"See how that works? By parrying, I've not just defended myself, but I've knocked your fist off course and left you open." he explained.
			"Yeah - that's really cool!" she smiled.
			"Try it." Connor grinned, throwing a slow-motion punch.
			She threw her guard up, knocking his hand in the air. Connor allowed his arm to launch upwards.
			"Great! Now, push your advantage." he said encouragingly.
			Chloe wasted no time, making a slow motion punch on his abdomen.
			"Gut punch! Great!" he cheered. "Okay, so lets say that hurt me. I'm gonna hunker down. What now?"
			Chloe thought for a moment. She scanned his body, and noticed his footing had changed. She grinned, put a foot behind him, and pushed.
			He fell backwards, rose, and clapped.
			"That - *that* - is how it's done." he smiled warmly.
			Chloe smiled back, happy with herself.
			"Excellent legwork." Connor continued. "I think you're ready for kicks."
			Connor demonstrated a kick on the bag, which Chloe copied.

		Sparring lesson
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Elsewhere in Redbridge, a young woman was walking through the city streets. She had her hood up, and looked forlorn. She stood outside the Singing Horse, and hesitated, before entering.
			She approached the bar. The barman finished mixing up a cocktail, and approached her.
			"What can I get you, love?" he asked.
			"I, um... I need to speak to Tommy."
			The barman hesitated. "Can't help ya."
			"Please." she begged. "I have something for him. Something important."
			The barman hesitated again. "Wait here." he said, before walking over to Pawel and whispering.
			"This way." Pawel nodded, walking her into the backrooms.
			"I'm sorry. I need to search you."
			The woman hesitated, but raised her hands. Pawel pat her down.
			"Thank you." he smiled. "Can I take your phone? Security."
			She nodded, and handed him the phone. He gestured for her to take a seat.
			She stayed sat there, twiddling her thumbs.
			Half an hour passed. She was pacing up and down.
			Tommy looked at the image on CCTV.
			"How long?" he asked.
			"28 minutes." Pawel replied.
			"Checked her over?"
			"You think I'm an amateur?" Pawel grinned. "No weapons, no recording devices. She's clean."
			Tommy stroked his chin. "Alright." he said, entering the room.
			"I... Mr. Crane." the woman stammered.
			"28 minutes. Either you're here to kill me, or you need my help. And no offence, but you don't look like a killer." Tommy smiled, sitting at his desk. "Tommy." he said, offering his hand.
			She shook it. "Ella. Ella Roberts."
			"How can I help you, Ella Roberts?"
			"My, um... My boyfriend, Zack Powell..." she began.
			"The reporter?" Tommy asked, head tilted.
			She lit up. "Yeah. He's, um... he's been missing since the 17th of November. And no one will tell me where he's gone."
			Tommy leant backwards. "This isn't Mispers - what do you need from us?"
			"He... Here." she revealed a dossier. "He was working on some big story. The night he went missing, he texted me the location of these files. He stashed them in a dumpster - like a bad spy movie."
			Tommy looked over the document. It contained several pieces of information of Super-Agent attacks - leaks from the police, photos taken from bystanders, and a compilation of intel about the man hunting them - known only to the files a 'The Werewolf.'
			His brow furrowed. "You think he was kidnapped because of this?"
			"I do. The last entry is him going to meet his boss the night he disappeared. He put the location there - I've gone there myself." she explained. "And it says in that file that the Werewolf works with you. So, please, I am begging you..."
			Tommy stroked his chin pensively. "Have you spoken to the police about this?"
			"I have. They said they'd look into it, but I've chased them up every day, and heard nothing."
			Tommy smiled softly. "I'll make some calls."
			"You will?"
			"I'll have a friend investigate." Tommy nodded. "Meet him at the spot Zack vanished from. Tonight, 8pm."
			Ella nodded. "Thank you... I, um... I'll find a way to pay you soon."
			"Let us copy this file, and we're even." Tommy smiled. Ella nodded, and left.
			Pawel entered. "Boss?"
			Tommy leant back. "You know, Pawel... When me and Vince started this outfit, I never thought we'd be fighting these freak-cabals."
			Pawel chuckled. "At least it's intriguing."
			Tommy laughed. He pulled out his phone.

			Connor pulled up outside Chloe's block of flats. She was clearly tired, but doing her best to avoid falling asleep in the car.
			"Here we are." Connor smiled. "Well done today - genuinely. You did really well."
			"You're a great teacher." she smiled back. "I really enjoyed it."
			"Not as much as you're gonna enjoy flopping into bed, I'll bet." Connor grinned. "We'll do this again in a couple of days?"
			"Yes please - God, I'll be aching tomorrow." she laughed.
			Connor chuckled. Chloe shuffled slightly.
			They looked at each other for a moment, not talking. A certain tension filled the air - not negative, just... tense.
			"I, um... I'll see you soon?"
			"Yeah, of course." he smiled.
			She nodded, then opened the door, waved awkwardly, and left. Connor sat there for a moment, then took a deep breath, before looking at his phone.
			A text from Tommy.
			"Get to the Horse. Got a tip-off."

		Zack tip-off
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was pitch-black now, and Ella leant against a wall - the same wall Zack was on when he vanished. She constantly looked over her shoulder.
			Connor prowled in from the shadows in his costume. He crept up to her.
			"Hi." he said. Ella jumped out of her skin.
			"You came alone." he noted. "Did you tell anyone you came here?"
			"Um, no... should I have?" she asked, scared.
			"Yes. And even if you didn't, don't tell me that." Connor chuckled. "Good thing I'm on your side."
			He lifted his hand. "You must be Ella."
			She timidly shook it. "Yes, Ella Roberts. And you are?"
			Connor laughed. "I'm guessing the cloak-and-dagger is new to you?" he quipped.
			"Eh?" she tilted her head.
			"Generally speaking, people wearing masks don't tell others their names." he grinned beneath the costume.
			"Oh, right, yeah..." Ella looked down.
			"This is his last known location?"
			"Yes. He came here to meet his boss, a man called Adam Weaver." Ella explained. "His home address is here." she pointed in the dossier. Connor read it, and nodded. He looked around. He pointed at a security camera on the building ahead.
			"See that?" he asked. "That camera would have a perfect view of what went down."
			"How do we get the footage?"
			"Wait there." Connor said, before sneaking into the building.
			It was a small convenience store, closed at this time of night. He sneaked into the backroom, and saw the camera feed. He scrolled back, to the moment Zack disappeared, and viewed the footage.
			"Bingo." he smirked. He exported the footage to a memory stick, and left.
			He walked over to Ella. "Did you say the police investigated?"
			"I reported it." Ella nodded. "But I don't think they've actually looked into it."
			"Did they say who kidnapped him?" he asked.
			"He... You saw him get kidnapped? They... they never said that, I just assumed." she stammered.
			Connor thought for a moment.
			"It wasn't hard for me to find this. Any detective worth the title would have done this too." he said. "That lines up with some other suspicions I have."
			Ella looked up. "About the police?"
			"The person who kidnapped Zack - it was a Super-Agent." Connor explained. "A creature enhanced beyond human capability. Like me. Which means, Zack was targeted by the cabal I'm hunting. And if the police aren't investigating... I think I'll go pay Mr. Weaver a visit." he growled. "Would you care to join me?"
			Ella looked hopefully at him. "Yes, please."
			Connor stepped away for a moment. He called a number on his burner phone.
			"Follow me." he said, before hanging up. He switched on his GPS.

			Adam sat in his flat, drinking a beer and watching television. He was startled by a knock at the door. He timidly crept up to the door, and opened it. Ella was stood there.
			"Can I help you?" he asked, confused.
			With that, Connor crawled in through the window, and pulled a knife to Adam's throat.
			"You really ought to lock your windows, Mr. Weaver." he growled. He dragged Adam to the sofa, and sat him down.
			"W-w-what do you want? I-I'm not with them!" he protested, scared for his life.
			"Them. Yes, them. Say their name." Connor snarled.
			"...Paladin." he admitted. "I swear, I'm not involved!"
			"Where is he?! Where's Zack?!" Ella demanded.
			"Zack?!" Adam asked, shocked. "I have no idea. I swear!"
			Connor put the knife back to Adam's throat.
			"I suggest you get an idea, then." he whispered.
			Adam gulped, "Th-th-they never told me where they took him!" he stammered. "Th-they call me. Every few days, they put him on the phone. They told me, if I don't do as they say, they'll kill him. I swear, I'm telling the truth!"
			"What do they ask you to do?" Connor asked, tilting his head.
			"I... I give them information. Any tips we get about them, I send over."
			Ella kicked him in the groin.
			"You bastard! You had him kidnapped, and now you pretend that you're trying to protect him?!"
			"Ella." Connor interrupted. She restrained herself.
			With that, a knock on the door.
			"Come in." Connor smirked.
			Ivan entered the flat.
			"Who are you?" Adam asked, shaking.
			"I'm going to be your new best friend." Ivan grinned, before pressing a chloroform rag onto Adam's face.
			Adam struggled, but went limp soon enough. Ivan hoisted him onto his shoulder.
			"What goes around..." Connor grinned.
			"...Comes around." Ivan nodded. "I'll bring him to our friends. We'll get him to talk."
			Ella nodded, before kneeling down and crying.
			Connor knelt beside her, and sighed.
			"We will find him, Ella. I swear. At least now, we know he's alive - and it's valuable to them if he stays that way."
			"We'll run a trace on the number that calls him. Once I have the location, I'll send you." Ivan nodded.
			Connor nodded back. "Come on. Let's get out of here."
			Ella rose to her feet.
			"Thank you... Thank you for doing this." she whispered.
			"All in a day's work." Connor quipped. Ella smiled, and left.
			Connor and Ivan headed to a car. Ivan stuffed Adam in the boot.
			"I'll patch his phone to your earpiece. You'll hear when they call."
			Connor nodded. "Nice one. Thanks, mate."
			"Nyet, thank *you.*" Ivan grinned. "That dossier was just what we needed."
			Connor smirked. "You should meet Tommy. I have a feeling yous two would get on famously."
			Ivan chuckled. "I'm sure we will all go for vodka when this is over, tovarishch."
			Connor paused, hesitant. "You remember us talking about Morland Genetics?"
			Ivan nodded.
			"...Some fellas from PaladinCorp turned up there today. Including the Commandant."
			"Bozhe moy..." Ivan gasped. "That is... very, very bad..."
			"You're telling me." Connor sighed. "My friend, Chloe - I can't have her in the crossfire if things go bad."
			"Chyort..." Ivan muttered. "You mentioned her before. The one who was attacked?"
			"That's her. She works at Morland - she's on university placement there. She's been assigned to my case for some reason."
			"Could she be involved?" Ivan quizzed, but Connor immediately shook his head.
			"No. Absolutely not. For one thing, given their ideology, there's no way they'd recruit a disabled woman. Second, she's just... not like that. She's too kind to be a fascist stooge."
			"Okay... But you said she's in university, da? Why would she be assigned to this case?"
			"I don't know... But they know who I am. And thus, we have to assume they know who she is." Connor shuddered, aghast at the idea that he'd drawn Chloe into this. "Maybe they had her assigned to try and sabotage things? I mean, if it came out that the Werewolf's friend was in on the investigation, they could discredit the whole thing."
			"Maybe. Or maybe they're keeping her involved as leverage against you." Ivan said grimly. "Stop you from going after them."
			"Christ..." Connor sighed. "That's why they jumped her. It was a warning."
			Ivan gently put his hand on his comrade's shoulder. "We'll stop them, bratan. Don't worry."
			Connor nodded halfheartedly, and the two parted ways for the night.

		Tracking Zack
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Bea woke herself up as she made a rather loud snore.
			She quickly darted her eyes around the lecture hall, embarassed. The professor, who had been delivering a coma-inducing talk on copyright law, hadn't skipped a beat, thankfully.
			"Too many all nighters?" a boy next to her asked, chuckling.
			"Hah, yeah - that and this lecture." she grinned. She covertly pulled out her phone, and went on her SMS app.
			"Miss Jefferson!" the lecturer interrupted. She jumped out of her skin.
			"If you want to use your phone, it's much more ergonomic to place it on the desk." he grinned.
			"I--Sorry, sir, I was just--"
			He raised his hands, as murmurs of laughter ran through the room. "You're not in secondary school anymore. Text who you like."
			She blushed, and he continued his lecture. She put her phone on the desk, and pulled up her chat with Chloe.

			Across the campus, Chloe was leaning in intently, listening in. Her professor, Lowenthal, had seated her closer to the front, so she could hear better.
			"...Now remember, class - genes are not blueprints. You cannot take, say, the genes for an elephant trunk, and 'splice' them onto a giraffe. There are no genes for a trunk. What genes *do* encode are chemicals, and *these* can be 'spliced' - say, for instance, the ability of certain cyanobacteria to convert Dinitrogen into biologically useful Ammonia can be 'spliced' onto a Plasmid and transmitted to other bacteria."
			At that, Chloe felt a buzz from her pocket. Rather than take the phone, she turned to her laptop, and pulled up her chat with Bea.
			"heyyyy" it read. "im bored."
			"haha, bless you." Chloe wrote back. "you free at lunch?"
			"hell yeah." she received. Chloe smiled, and returned her focus to the professor.
			"Now, plasmids allow bacteria to share very useful information - such as, antibiotic resistance. However, they can also be very dangerous - enter, the Bacteriophage..."

			A little while later, Chloe entered the food court, holding her backpack on one shoulder, bracing herself with the other. The sheer number of fellow students reminded her of school - that is, it reminded her of being bullied.
			This not-quite-nostalgia episode was interrupted by the feeling of two hands on her shoulders from behind. She immediately relaxed, recognising the scent of perfume.
			"Hey, girrrl." Bea opened, cheerfully.
			"Heya!" Chloe smiled warmly. The two grabbed some food, and sat down.
			"It's been ages since we sat down for lunch together." Chloe noted.
			"I know. I'm sorry, I know I've not been hanging out as much..." Bea sighed.
			"How are things with Charlie?"
			"We're good! Really good. Honestly, he's such a gentleman. Every week, he buys me flowers, or takes me for dinner. Oh, it's so sweet."
			"That's nice." Chloe nodded, trying to not sound judgemental.
			"How about you and Connor?" Bea smirked, cocking an eyebrow cheekily.
			"W-what do you mean?" Chloe stammered. "W-we're not an item."
			"Mmhmm." Bea grinned. "Everyone can see it, Chlo."
			"Well, sure I--I like him, but we're not dating or anything." Chloe hastily added. "I'm not sure if I'm really ready for a relationship right now. Or if he is, either."
			"What's that mean?" Bea tilted her head. "What, he's sleeping around or something?"
			"Oh, no, nothing like that. No, just... he's got a lot going on."
			"Like what?"
			Chloe bit her lip. "I don't know if I can say. But it's nothing bad, don't worry."
			Bea nodded. "Still... you guys have had a few moments now, right? I mean, you stayed round his the other week, no?"
			"Well, yeah - but I'd just been attacked. And Amy was there too - it wasn't like *that.* Same as the other day when he was round mine."
			"He was round yours?!"
			"Oh." Chloe blushed. "Y-yeah, he'd been jumped by some guys. He says it was just them being horrid, but I--I felt like he was saying that to make me feel better."
			"Why would that make you feel better?"
			"Well, he saved me from the same gang, remember? So, I don't know... maybe it was retaliation. Anyway, he'd let me stay at his after *I* was attacked, so I took him to mine to do some first aid and let him get some rest. It wasn't anything more than that."
			Bea leaned back, stroking her chin. "Chlo... why do you get so flustered when we talk about Connor?"
			"Well..." she began, blushing again. "I'm... embarrassed."
			"To like Connor?"
			"No! No, not that. I'm... embarrassed to think I have a shot." she admitted.
			"What do you mean?!" Bea tilted her head.
			"Look at him, then look at me." Chloe shrugged.
			"Yeah, you're way out of his league. And?" Bea asked, cocking her eyebrows again.
			"No I'm not. Besides, I was being facaetious... I mean, I've got so much baggage, and he's so lovely, I..."
			"Chloe..." Bea began, sighing and holding her friend's hands. "You deserve to be happy, too. You deserve what Charlie and I have."
			At that, Chloe shuddered slightly, too subtly for Bea to spot. She took a deep breath, and steadied herself.
			"It's fine." she said at last. "Anyway, can we... change the subject?"
			Bea exhaled, leaning back. "Learn any new science-y stuff?"
			Chloe chuckled. "Just stuff about plasmids. How about you?"
			"Ugh..." Bea chuckled. "I am sick and tired of this corporate law module. I don't care about copyright, I care about actual *laws.* Ones that affect *people.*"
			Chloe smiled. "That's the Bea I know. You just wanna skip ahead to the sociology parts, don't you?"
			"Damn right." Bea grinned. "That's what I applied for. Any longer and I'm gonna end up starting a protest."
			"Hey, you can probably claim it as coursework." Chloe chuckled. "Oh, that reminds me. Can we vote here?"
			"Yeah, it's our primary residence." Bea shrugged. "Wait..."
			"Yeah, I saw it's the mayoral elections coming up." Chloe nodded. "I like the sound of that one lady, Helen--"
			"Helen Ward! Oh my stars, she's amazing. I read her pamphlet, and I swear I could've written it myself." Bea visibly lit up. "She's the only candidate actually talking about poverty in the city, too - not to mention the racist gangs. Oh, if I could vote a thousand times, I would."
			Chloe grinned, glad to see Bea in her element.

		Bea & Chloe hangout/Ward advert
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That night, in a dark, disused garage in Belson, two groups of men met.
			One one hand were a group of thuggish youths - dressed in Patriot biker leathers. Their leader, a middle-aged man with several teardrop tattoos and black veins on his eyelids, walked at the front.
			On the other side were a group of men in tactical clothing - cargo trousers, jackets, and beanies that could quickly be turned to balaclavas. Professionals, no doubt. At their head was Louie Vitale himself - his golden tooth glinting as he grinned.
			"You better make this quick." the Patriot leader growled.
			The suited man laughed. "Eh, listen to this *scemo,* talking to us like that! Relax, Donovan. We're here to talk business, ah?"
			"Get to the point, you fucking wop." Donovan snarled. At that, the suited man turned serious.
			"My friends call me Louie. My associates call me Mr. Vitale. My enemies call me many things."
			He drew a switchblade from his pocket. "No-one calls me a *fucking wop.*"
			Donovan's men drew their own weapons, and Vitale's quickly followed suit. A tense standoff ensued.
			Donovan stared into Vitale's eyes, before relenting. "Talk business, or stop wasting my time."
			Vitale grinned, and sheathed his blade. He turned to his bodyguard. "Che genio, eh?"
			The bodyguard nodded.
			"Tick tock." Donovan repeated.
			Vitale clearly enjoyed dragging this out. Nevertheless, he relented.
			"We had a deal, Donovan. A truce. Your lot keeps out of Northside, and we let you take a cut from our pushers in Southside. So tell me... why the ever-loving *fuck* am I getting calls from my racketeers, telling me a bunch of skinhead cunts have been causin' chaos in *my* streets?!"
			Donovan looked over his shoulders, and leant in - revealing the black veins on his eyes. "Because it's natural. The strong take from the weak."
			Vitale laughed. "So the rumours are true... You do have some freaky shit going on. Now, what I propose is a deal. You lot get access to our docks - not ownership, mind, but access - and in return, you'll give us a supply channel to this fantastic drug of yours. It's a win-win."
			"How so?" Donovan tilted his head.
			"We both know Crane wants our crowns. But now he's got his little Lupo, ain't he? Seems to me we need to even the playing field."
			Donovan mulled it over. "I'll have to speak to the boss."
			"You have a boss?" Vitale grinned.
			"Damn right I do. And I don't know if he'd like this drug going into the hands of some *fucking wops.*" Donovan spat maliciously.
			With that, Vitale drew his blade, only for Donovan to raise him into the air by the throat.
			And then, a clapping sound filled the air. All present turned to see Connor in his costume walking towards them.
			"Gentlemen, gentlemen." he began, smirking under his mask. "I think you'll find *I'm* the one who lifts mob bosses by the throat? Stop stealing my fuckin' schtick."
			"It's him!" one of the Patriots shrieked, running away.
			"GET BACK HERE!" Donovan barked. He released Vitale, who likewise ran away - along with all their men.
			Connor laughed. "You know, I didn't kill Slater 'cause he was human. But you... you're not human, are you? That makes you..." he growled, morphing spikes from his knuckles, "...fair game."
			Donovan spat on the ground, and equipped his knuckledusters. "Try me, traitor."
			Connor grinned. "If you fuckers want more of my blood... all you gotta do is come and take some."
			With that, he dashed. The two met and shook the ground beneath them. Donovan launched a blow to Connor's gut, launching him an inch into the air. Connor responded by headbutting, and again, and again, leaving Donovan's nose as a smear on his face.
			Undaunted, Donovan bit Connor's hand, tearing a chunk of flesh away.
			"OW!" Connor yelped, jumping back. "You fuckin' bit me!" he laughed.
			
			Unbeknownst to either superhuman, Naismith peeked at the scene from behind cover.
			"Fucking animals..." he muttered.

			Donovan spat out Connor's blood, licking his lips. The two clashed again.
			This time, Donovan had the upper hand. He delivered a brutal haymaker to Connor's face, slamming him against a wall. He launched another, but Connor threw his guard up at just the right moment, knocking Donovan's fist in the air and breaking his guard.
			Pressing his advantage, Connor threw punch after punch at Donovan's core, cracking his ribcage with each strike.
			The fight reached its climax. Donovan grabbed Connor's neck, and squeezed.
			He was stronger than most Super-Agents, that was sure. Connor tried to pull his hands away, but Donovan didn't budge.
			Connor's vision went blurry. His lungs burned from lack of oxygen. His windpipe buckled under the pressure.
			Connor closed his eyes, and focused.
			Then, he raised his hands, and drove his thumbs into Donovan's eyes. His claws jerked out deeper into the eyesockets.
			Donovan screamed in agony.
			Connor delivered a knee to his torso, cracking his sternum apart. Donovan fell to the ground, wheezing and spewing blood.
			Without hesitating, Connor descended on Donovan like a rabid animal. He clawed and beat at his skull until nothing but red mush remained.
			He regained his consciousness just as Donovan's body went still. He panted, steam billowing from his mouth, grunting like a dog. He looked down at his hands, and then at what was left of his adversary.
			"Sh-Shit..." he shuddered. He looked around, and prepared to leap to a rooftop, only for his legs to buckle. He was exhausted.

			"ARMED POLICE!" Naismith barked, aiming his pistol at Connor's head.
			"FUCK OFF!" Connor howled in rage.
			Naismith hesitated, and holstered his gun - before drawing an electric baton.
			"You're under arrest. Stay where you are." he ordered.
			Connor growled, and widened his stance - as if to say, "Try it."
			Naismith responded, by swinging the baton. Connor darted out of the way.
			Naismith grinned. That was a feint. He swung again, and this time, he made contact with Connor's chest.
			The electicity zapped through Connor's body, causing his costume to shudder and shake. Connor shrieked in pain, and dashed backwards.
			"GET AWAY FROM ME!" he screamed.
			Naismith, undaunted, swung again. This time, Connor grabbed the baton with his hand. Electric agony coursed through him - but he yanked it from Naismith's hand and threw it to the ground.
			Now, Connor was barely able to stand. He had to get out of here, and fast.
			He grabbed Naismith by the throat, and slammed him into a wall, knocking the wind out of him.
			Naismith choked, as Connor snarled.
			"LEAVE ME ALONE." he growled.
			Naismith replied by drawing his gun and shooting. At such close range, and being so exhausted, Connor's jaw broke. He dropped Naismith, and raised his claw, ready to kill.
			For a moment, Naismith looked up, almost peaceful. As though he was ready to die.
			Connor paused, and lowered his arm.
			Naismith's face creased, as he grabbed the baton and swung. A hit to Connor's torso, then another to his broken jaw. Connor stumbled backwards and collapsed, bile pouring from his mouth and sticking inside his mask.
			Naismith panted, grinning victoriously. Connor twisted, trying to force himself up. With Herculean effort, he rose to his feet.
			"The fuck..." Naismith muttered, more impressed than enraged. He pulled open his jacket to reveal a pair of cylinders - a flashbang and a tear gas grenade. He pulled the pins and threw both at Connor, before ducking for cover.
			The gas made its home in Connor's throat, closing it. The flashbang ripped through his eardrums and burned his retinas. Hot blood poured from every orifice as Connor felt the world slip away.
			Naismith closed in, wearing a gas mask and holding the baton once more. He beat Connor with it once across the back.
			"SURRENDER!" he barked.
			Connor choked, spluttered, and shook. His eyes flashed bright red, turning his visor into a neon light. He rose to his feet, invigorated.
			"*NEVER.*" he snarled back, picking Naismith up and throwing him against the wall. Naismith choked and spat blood, clutching his chest in agony.
			Connor paused for a moment. Once again, claws formed around his hands. He wanted to - oh, he wanted to...
			"No..." he whispered, shuddering and forcing his claws to un-morph. He shuffled away into the night.

		Naismith vs. Connor
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Naismith awoke in a hospital bed. Nina was standing guard.
			"Nina..." he muttered.
			"Shh, sir, don't speak." she said, rushing to his side. "You're okay. Just a broken rib, minor concussion, and some bruises."
			Naismith chuckled, then winced in pain.
			"You're lucky, sir." she said, with an anger borne of worry. "Pulling a stunt like that... on your own, no less!"
			"I know..." he shamefully nodded. "But I had to know."
			"Know what?" she asked, sighing.
			"He's not human." Naismith groaned, sitting upright. "I shot him in the face. I beat him half a dozen times with a stun baton. I used tear gas and flashbangs. 4 different ways he could have broke, and he just... didn't. It was as if he genuinely didn't know how to quit."
			"You admire him?" Nina asked.
			Naismith paused. "Game recognises game."
			"Still, sir..." she paused. "Don't ever pull a stunt like that again. You could have been killed."
			"No I couldn't've." Naismith retorted. "He doesn't kill cops. He barely kills gangsters. He basically only kills these... these fuckin' 'superhumans.'"
			"He's still a murderer, sir. He could have made an exception for you."
			Naismith closed his eyes, and nodded. "I know... But at least now, do you believe me?"
			"Believe you?"
			"That he's superhuman."
			Nina paused. She didn't want to. But...
			"Yes, sir." she finally spoke. "I believe you."

			Meanwhile, Connor crawled back into the flat, where Sparky was waiting.
			"Are you okay?" Sparky asked, rushing over.
			Connor tried to speak, but couldn't. He passed out on the sofa. Sparky laid with him.

			"Jesus! Are you alright?!" Amy gasped.
			Connor shot up, then morphed into civilian clothes. A couple of hours had passed.
			"I'm fine." he shrugged, before tensing in pain from speaking. "How's my face?"
			"Somehow, even uglier than normal." she grinned.
			"Fuck you." he laughed, before groaning in pain. His jaw was mostly healed, but it looked nasty. 
			"He got lucky with that shot." he muttered. Then, he chuckled.
			"Nah. Game recognises game. He was good."
			"Who did?" Amy cocked an eyebrow.
			"Someone who makes me understand why they call detectives 'Dicks.'" he grinned, before pausing.
			"I, uh... I've given it some thought, and... I'm gonna move out."
			She pulled her head back slightly. "Why? What's wrong?"
			"Nothing's wrong." he shook his head. "But I've been thinking... Paladin is growing in numbers. More and more skinheads are getting their hands on super-serum. I need a proper base of operations. Somewhere a bit more secluded, a bit further out from the centre. I mean, it's only a matter of time before a neighbour spots me stumbling in without a hand again."
			Amy sighed, before letting out a sad smile. "I guess you're right. But... promise me you're not gonna use this as some excuse to isolate yourself?"
			"I promise." he vowed. "Absolutely."

			That same night, Jones was in the lab, humming a tune while working.
			Morland entered the room, along with a large, serious-looking man.
			"Mr. Morland, sir!" Jones began, rising.
			"Mr. Jones. We'll be taking that hand now." Morland sneered.
			"Of course, sir. Have a good evening." Jones nodded.
			Morland and the large man walked the hand container down into the lower labs - the restricted area.
			There, the man opened the container, and took out the hand. Another man opened up a vat of clotted liquids. The hand was dropped into the vat.
			"Are you certain? After all this time, this will work?" Morland asked the second man.
			"I'm sure, sir. The cellular analysis provided by Derrington confirms it." he replied.
			The two looked into the vat. In short order, the formerly dead hand started twitching with life.
			"Remarkable." Morland grinned. He turned to the large man.
			"Tell the boss, we have a source. Army production can begin by month's end."
			The large man nodded. "Hail Victory."
			"Hail Victory."

		Naismith vs. Connor - Aftermath

	Blind Spots
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			If someone asked you to draw a stately manor house, you'd draw this one.
			Oxford House. Home of the Earls of Oxford since the end of the English Civil War, where the house of de Vere had been sidelined for its support to the Royalists. Despite this, the family managed to worm their way back into the halls of power.
			Inside the manor, the current Lord Oxford sat at his desk, reading his papers.
			A knock at the door made him grin in anticipation.
			"Enter."
			"My lord." a servant began, opening the door. "Your... guest is here."
			"Excellent. Send her in."
			In a few heartbeats, a young woman in a black leather bodysuit approached. Fastened to her belt were a pair of whips, and an assortment of knives which reflected the light like running water. Her upper face was partially covered by a domino mask, but the black veins of a Super Agent peppered her cheeks nonetheless. A dutch braid held her light-blonde hair back, and a knife dangled from the end, tied neatly into the tail.
			"Ms. Cunningham, I presume?" Oxford grinned.
			"That's not who you hired." she replied curtly.
			"No, quite right... Agent Whiplash. Are you as good as they say?"
			"Have you read my file?"
			"Yes."
			"Then you *know* how good I am." she nodded.
			Oxford chuckled. "They don't teach you much in the way of... etiquette, in ODIN, do they?"
			"They do not." she shook her head, folding her arms.
			"Well, I didn't hire you for personability... your choice of attire notwithstanding." he grinned. "I need you to squash a bug for me."
			"Who?"
			Oxford slid over a piece of paper. "Whiplash" took it, and scanned it quickly.
			"They call him 'The Werewolf.'" Oxford sighed. "He's becoming something of a pain. Multiple Paladin operatives have already died trying to stop him - even the Crusader couldn't take him down. Can you?"
			She looked at the profile quizzically. "Do you have his real name?"
			"I do. But I'm not giving it out."
			"Why?"
			Oxford leaned forward, flexing his hands. "Because I want to keep collateral damage to a minimum. It's much better that the 'Werewolf' dies fighting a fellow night hunter, than an apparent nobody is assasinated with the level of violence this will take."
			Whiplash nodded. "Operational restrictions?"
			"Keep noise to a minimum. Use the city's underworld to your advantage."
			She nodded, placing the paper back down.
			"What are you offering?"
			"Freedom." Oxford grinned. "Kill Barrett, and I'll personally ensure that ODIN will never bother you again. What's more, you'll be rich."
			He leaned in, his yellow eyes almost humming. "You can stop being Whiplash - you can be Olivia again."
			Whiplash turned away, as if to hide her eyes. She took a deep breath, and faced him.
			"Deal." she nodded. "I'll take care of him."

			It had been a few days, now - the morning sun shone over Drackhill. Connor and Amy headed out from the flat to the car.
			"Get in, loser." he smirked.
			"Make me, dickface." she snarked back. She went to open the front door.
			"Ah, ah! Shotgun is for the birthday boy." Connor cheekily replied.
			"Ugh, you spoil him, you know." Amy grinned. She sat in the back.
			Connor turned to face her.
			"So..." he began. "How are you holding up?"
			"I'm good. How are you?" she replied.
			"Surviving, I suppose. We, uh... we're getting closer." he nodded.
			"Good." she smiled. "Got shot in the head again?"
			"I hear if it happens 5 times in a month, you get a free coffee." he groaned, laughing.

			They drove onwards, pulling up outside Chloe and Bea's apartment block.
			"I had no idea they lived somewhere so posh." Amy said, awestruck.
			"The posh accents didn't give it away?" Connor snarked. "Hang on, you were in the car the night I dropped them off here. How drunk were you?"
			"Ha ha." Amy snarked. "Ooh, here they come."
			The girls headed into the back.
			"Hiii! So good to see you both!" Bea said excitedly.
			"Really looking forward to this!" Chloe added, smiling.
			"Right! Now to go and fetch Hombre Numero Uno." Connor grinned.
			"That was... an interesting way to pronounce Spanish." Bea chuckled.
			"I have a way with words, Miss Jefferson." Connor said faux-seriously. The group laughed, and they drove on. They pulled up outside Trey's house. He walked outside and jumped straight into the front seat - knowing Connor would have kept it spare for him.
			"Happy birthday!" they all cheered.
			"Haha, thanks guys. I'm so pumped for this!" Trey said excitedly. They drove off.
			"Bro, let me have the aux cord." Trey motioned to Connor's stereo.
			"But your music is shit!" Connor protested.
			"But it's my birthdayyy." Trey dramatically begged.
			"Fiiine."
			"So, where are we going again?" Amy asked.
			"Seriously?" Connor cocked an eyebrow. "I've told you like 5 times."
			"Yeah, but I've had alcohol since." Amy replied cheerily.
			"We're going to the zoo!" Trey added, excited.
			The group pulled up, and entered the zoo. Trey was beaming like a young child as they went through each exhibit.
			The gang approached the amphibian enclosures.
			"Hey - I never told you guys, but this one here - I actually own him." Trey said, pointing at a small one - some type of Salamander.
			"Oh, really?" Connor replied, smirking - knowing the joke.
			"Yeah! I call him Tiny." Trey said, suppressing a giggle.
			"Why do you call him Tiny?" asked Bea, confused.
			"Because he's my newt." Trey replied. Eyes rolled and scoffs erupted as the group laughed at Trey's joke.

			When they went through the drive-through safari, a pack of wolves approached the car and looked into it.
			"Whoa..." the group said, almost in unison.
			"Sparky would have loved this." Connor grinned.
			"Hah, yeah he would." Chloe replied, smiling.
			"Damn, they look small compared to him though!" Bea chimed in. She took a photo of the wolves as they approached. As the wolves noticed Connor, they instinctively knelt, as if submitting. Connor smirked.
			Bea texted her photo to Charlie, with the caption "Having so much fun! How cool are these?! Xxx"
			Charlie replied with "I miss you so much. It's a shame you're not here. Xx"
			Bea frowned slightly, but banished the thought.
			They finished, and headed to the zoo's cafe.

			"So, what did you do for your 18th?" Bea asked Trey.
			"Got shitfaced drunk at the Horse." Trey replied, chuckling.
			"Wasn't even our first time there." Connor laughed.
			"Well, your uncle is the bouncer's boss. I think we had a good way in." Trey smirked.
			Connor smiled sadly at the mention of Vince.
			"Oh, shit, sorry bro..." Trey began, but Connor raised a hand to cut him off.
			"It's okay." he smiled.
			The group left the safari, and headed back to Connor's flat to pick up Sparky.
			"Oh hi hi hi! Happy birthday or whatever that means, Trey! Ooh, you smell like loads of funny animals! Was it good?" Sparky asked excitedly.
			"Hey, buddy." Connor said cheerfully. "Sorry we couldn't bring you to the zoo - you would have loved it."
			"One day I'll go!" Sparky happily yapped.
			"Haha, it's like he's saying 'I wanna go!'" Chloe said, only hearing the barks.
			Sparky grunted in approval. "You're getting it!"
			"Hah, looks like I'm getting better at speaking your language!" Chloe smiled, stroking Sparky. Sparky panted happily.
			The group drove to Trey's place. Phil, Trey's dad, greeted them at the door.
			"Hello, hello! Nice to meet you two - I'm Phil, Trey's dad." he said to Chloe and Bea. "Connor! Amy! Long time no see!" he smiled, lighting up.
			"Alright, Phil? How you been?" Connor asked, smiling.
			"Good, good - you?" he replied.
			"Not bad, not bad - zoo was good." Connor answered.
			"Good to see you, Phil." Amy smiled and hugged him.
			"You too, sweetheart." Phil replied, hugging back. 
			Sparky trotted over and sniffed Phil's hand.
			"Hi! I'm Sparky! You must be Trey's dad." he barked.
			"Hello, there!" Phil smiled. "Whosagoodboyyy?!" he said, stroking Sparky's chin.
			"That's where Trey gets it from!" Sparky yapped happily.
			"Right, I'm off." Phil began. "Before you all judge me for being a lousy dad ditching my son on his birthday, I specifically chose to work tonight so you all have the place to yourselves. I'm staying round a mates tonight, so I'll be back tomorrow afternoon - if you do cover my lovely house that I've nearly paid the mortgage off of in spew, please clean it up before I get back. Or don't, I'm only *his* dad." he said, smirking and nudging Trey. The group laughed and entered.
			Phil pulled Trey aside for a moment. "Have a good night, son. Happy 19th birthday."
			"Thanks dad. I love you." Trey said, beaming.
			"I love you too." Phil replied, tears of pride forming in his eye. "Shit, I swore I wouldn't cry this year!"
			"It's okay." Trey said, pulling his dad in for a hug.
			"Your mother would be so proud." Phil embraced his son. "I'll see you tomorrow."
			"Have a good night, dad." Trey replied, smiling softly.

			Back in the bowels of the Singing Horse, Tommy was going over a stack of papers, and he rubbed his eyes in pain.
			"And Connor thinks *his* migraines are bad..." he muttered.
			A buzz on the club radio.
			"Boss - copper here." Pawel relayed. "Coming down."
			Tommy sighed deeply. "Cheers, Pawel."
			A double knock on the door.
			"Come in."
			Naismith entered.
			"Mr. Crane." he half-smiled.
			Tommy poured himself a glass of whiskey. "Want one? Looks like you need it."
			Naismith chuckled, wincing as he sat down and clutching his fractured ribs. "You know what? I'd love one, ta."
			"Oooh, Mr. Straight Laced Copper taking a drink from the crime boss." Tommy grinned.
			"*Alleged* crime boss, right?" Naismith quipped.
			Tommy chuckled, and poured a second glass. "Chin-chin."
			"Cheers." Naismith replied, clinking his glass and downing it. It tasted amazing - far better than the crap beers he was used to.
			"So... How's the other guy?"
			"Shot him in the head. He's fine, though." Naismith replied nonchalantly.
			"Something tells me this isn't one of your friendly little interrogations." Tommy frowned.
			"You lied to me." Naismith began. "You said you knew nothing about that mutant."
			"At the time, I wasn't lying." Tommy shrugged. "I swear, I had nothing to do with Tomlinson getting his head knocked off."
			"But now, he works for you?"
			"I work for *him.*" Tommy corrected. "When a big scary mutant calling himself 'the Werewolf' knocks on your door and asks for information, you don't tell him no."
			"Hm." Naismith chuckled. "Would be nice if *I* could get crooks to open up like that."
			"You're getting shit all out of me, by the way." Tommy grinned. "Unless you've got some secret claws or something. Anyway... how'd you know he was with us? Allegedly."
			"I'm a detective. I, get this... Detected it." Naismith chuckled. "I knew his targets were connected to the Patriots. And taking out Hughes, too..."
			"Got an issue with that?"
			"No. I hate to say it, but fair play to him on that. So - he's going after the Patriots. Did you know he was going after the Grins, too?"
			"No surprises there. He's going after every criminal he can find."
			"Except you."
			"*Alleged.*" Tommy stressed. "Besides, our lot wouldn't *be* here if there were any public services out here."
			"I know..." Naismith sighed, surprised at the agreement. "Your mutant buddy, though... he's got a hell of a body count."
			"Says the bloke who shot him in the face." Tommy countered.
			"Yeah, well, he's fine, ain't he? Better state than I'm in."
			"Look..." Tommy sighed. "I know you ain't gonna believe it from me, but... You're on the wrong side. And I can tell that part of you knows that."
			Naismith went to argue back, but he just... couldn't.
			"So... why have you come to me?" Tommy pressed.
			A long pause.
			"I needed a fuckin' drink." Naismith finally nodded.

		Trey's Birthday - Zoo/Naismith meets with Tommy
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Later that evening, everyone was drinking and being merry. Trey revealed he bought special dog beer for Sparky to enjoy.
			"This tastes like static!" Sparky said happily.
			"Haha, enjoy it mate!" Trey grinned.
			"Right then - present time!" Amy announced. She revealed a small box, and handed it to Trey. He excitedly opened it.
			"Oh. My. God." Trey laughed heartily. He revealed the contents - a keychain with a photo of him passed out on a sofa, cuddling a toaster.
			The group laughed at the sight.
			"That was a *hell* of a night." Connor chuckled fondly. He revealed his own small box. Trey opened it, and lifted a necklace with wolf's teeth adorning it.
			"Sparky's baby teeth." Connor explained. "I thought it would look cool."
			"That is so fucking cool!" Trey exclaimed, putting it on.
			"That's why you picked up my teeth that night?" Sparky asked, head tilted. Connor gave him a wink.
			"And this one's from Chlo and I." Bea smiled, handing Trey another box. He opened it, and gasped.
			"We knew you like rum, so, enjoy!" Bea grinned.
			"Holy shit... you guys, this must have cost, like, a bazillion quid!" Trey replied, holding the bottle aloft.
			Chloe and Bea chuckled.
			"Let's have a look?" Connor leant over, before raising his eyebrows in shock.
			"Now *that* is top-shelf shit." he said, surprised. Amy looked over, and likewise gasped.
			"Yeah. Like, the kind of rum you drink on your wedding day, and not a moment before." she commented.
			Bea and Chloe laughed happily. "Well, try a swig now." Bea smiled.
			Trey hesitated, but poured himself a glass, and added a few ice cubes. He gently moved the glass to mix it.
			"If you put cola in with that, I will kill you." Amy faux-growled.
			"As if. This is the kind of rum you have neat." Trey grinned, before sipping it. He leant his head back, enjoying the taste.
			"That... is fucking delicious." he smiled.
			"It smells funny!" Sparky yapped happily. Connor grinned. Trey finished the glass, and put the bottle in the cupboard.
			"Thank you, guys... this is the best birthday ever." he smiled warmly.
			"Happy birthday, bro." Connor nodded. Trey sat down with them.

			"Now. I thought we were partying round Trey's, but I don't see any drinking games being played!" Amy said excitedly.
			"How about 'never have I ever'?" Bea suggested. "We each say a thing, and whoever's done the thing must drink."
			"I'm down!" Trey nodded.
			"Hell yeah!" Connor replied.
			"Okay, me first." Chloe said. "Never have I ever..." she thought for a moment. "Broken a bone."
			"Does it have to be your own?" Trey asked, grinning deviously.
			"That was ominous..." Chloe chuckled. "Yes, one of your own bones."
			"Does cartilage count?" Amy added.
			"Hmm... Okay sure, broken noses and such count too." Chloe answered.
			Trey laughed. Everyone except Bea drank.
			Bea laughed. "Chloe, honey, you're not supposed to say one you've done yourself!"
			"Why not?" Chloe asked, innocently.
			"Because... Hm. Actually, I don't know. That's a stupid rule. How did you all do it?" Bea smiled.
			"Busted my nose in football - some idiot kicked the ball right into my face." Trey said, staring at Connor.
			"You should have moved." Connor replied, smirking. "Besides, it wasn't really *broken* - it healed without any disfigurement. Mine was my nose too - I smushed it on the pavement when I fell off my bike as a kid." Connor said, chuckling as if it were a fond memory. "Used to have a nasty scar coming out of my nostril, but that's healed now."
			"You're both pussies." Amy smirked. "I broke an actual bone - I just wanted you guys to drink. My arm - broke it as a little kid doing cartwheels, I landed funny and it bent like a banana." she laughed. "Had to have pins put in and everything."
			"Oh yeah, let's all clap for our great martyr Amy." Connor said snarkily, slow-clapping.
			"Fuck you!" she laughed.
			"Mine was pretty standard - I tried to climb the tree in our garden as a kid. Landed riiight on this ankle here." - Chloe said, gesturing to her right foot. "Was in crutches for months."
			"Wow, you're all savages." Bea chuckled. "I, for one, take great care of my bones."
			"Get you, little miss skeletal-integrity. La-di-da." Trey said, with a sarcasm to match Connor's. The group burst out laughing.

			"My go!" Bea grinned. "Never have I ever... been in detention."
			Chloe chuckled, as everyone except her drank.
			"Goodie two shoes over there." Amy quipped.
			Chloe giggled. "Come on, then - tell me the stories."
			"Well, you were there for mine." Bea chuckled. "Our physics teacher was really horrid to this one boy, so I got creative with a rubber and an elastic band. Sadly, my explanation that I was conducting ballistic research into elastic potential energy didn't go over so well."
			"The lesson was literally about Newton's Third Law, funnily enough." Chloe snarked.
			Connor chuckled. "Mine and Trey were for the same thing."
			"Oh? Do tell?" Bea tilted her head.
			"We were fighting." Trey shrugged. "Then we got locked in a room together, and ended up becoming best mates."
			"Why were you fighting?" Chloe asked.
			"Ah, it was nothing." Connor smiled.
			"Bro, it's okay." Trey began, solemnly. "I, uh... I was bullying him."
			"Really?" Bea raised her eyebrows.
			"It's not as bad as it sounds." Connor quickly cut in. "He was peer pressured. Anyway, I snapped, and we started scrapping. Then we got thrown in isolation together - which, in fairness, wasn't a smart move - and we got talking. We learned we had a lot more in common than we thought."
			"You don't have to sugar-coat it. It was wrong, regardless of the circumstances." Trey nodded.
			"Well, now that the group therapy session is done." Amy quipped. "I got excluded for defending myself."
			"It was a tad more than that." Connor grinned.
			"It was a fair fight!"
			"I believe we said 'first blood.'" Trey chuckled.
			"I only hit her once!"
			"You broke her nose."
			"...there was a lot of first blood." she sheepishly admitted, to cackles of laughter.

			"Alright, my turn." went Amy. "Never have I ever... smoked weed."
			Again, everyone except Chloe drank.
			"Really?" Trey asked.
			"I've just never done it." she shrugged.
			"I was more surprised Posh Spice over there *has.*" he grinned.
			"Screw you!" Bea laughed.
			"We're not potheads, to be clear." Amy grinned. "But speaking of, I've got some. Was gonna smoke up later on, if anyone else fancies it?"
			"Wanna try it?" Bea asked Chloe, shrugging.
			"Hm... Yeah, go on then!" she smiled.

			"Okay, my go - never have I ever..." Trey thought for a moment. "Drunk-dialed an ex."
			He, Connor, and Amy drank.
			"Okay, tell the stories!" Bea asked excitedly.
			"Mine was last month." Amy said, chuckling grimly. "Called Lucy up, drunk as a skunk. Left a pretty cringey voicemail."
			"Mine was a month ago, too." Trey chimed in. "Xavier - what good times we had. He told me he was happily with his new boyfriend, and it went nowhere."
			"Xavier got a new boyfriend?" Connor asked.
			"Yeah... My own fault, I shouldn't have messed him around. But I wasn't exactly as mature as I am now." Trey sipped his cup.
			Connor nodded understandingly. "Mine was a year ago. My ex, Yaz - she cheated on me. I was pretty cut up for a while about it."
			"Cut up? You were a wreck." Trey said. "That fucking bitch..."
			"What's done is done." Connor shrugged stoically.
			"Whoa... I mean, I've only ever had one ex, and that... well, let's just say if I never see him again, it'd be too soon." Chloe said grimly, refelxively touching the scar on her cheek.
			Bea looked at Chloe with a comforting glance. Sparky walked over and laid his head on her lap.
			"Haha, hey buddy." she said, stroking his head.
			"I... I didn't know you guys were gay." Bea began.
			"Who, me? Nah, straight as an arrow." Trey snarked.
			"Straight as a fucking roundabout, more like." Connor chuckled, eliciting a burst of laughter from Trey.
			"It's okay Bea, he's bi - you still have a chance." Amy winked. "Or, alternatively, I'm game if you are."
			"Huh?! Haha, no, that's not... *ahem.*" she blushed.

			"Your turn, Connor! Make it a good one." Trey cheered.
			Connor looked at Trey. He thought - do I do this to him? And then, he decided - fuck it. He smirked deviously.
			"Never... Never have I ever... sharted on a first date." he choked back laughter.
			"What the hell?!" Bea tilted her head.
			"That's... an interesting one, Connor." Chloe added, confused.
			Amy cackled like a hyena. Trey gave Connor a faux-menacing side-eye, muttered "Bastard," and drank.
			"WHAT?!" the girls burst out in shock.
			"There's context, I swear!" Trey said, but the girls erupted into laughter. Trey blushed, and Connor looked at him grinning. He playfully whacked Connor's arm.
			"Well played, Barrett. That's twice now you've fucked me over with that incident."
			Connor smirked proudly.
			"Go on, I wanna hear this." Bea leaned inwards.
			"I'm not sure I do, but let's go for it." Chloe said, chuckling.
			"I don't think Connor's going to come out of this one looking great. This was in college, we were both 17 and little idiots." Trey began.
			"It was only two years ago - I don't think we've grown up *that* much." Connor added, smirking.
			"To understand this, you have to understand how me and Connor became friends..." he began.
			"Trey, it's cool - you don't have to say that bit." Connor said, slightly more serious than before. Trey raised a hand.
			"No, it's okay - if I don't say this bit, you look like a monster." Trey chuckled. "So as you guys know, we became friends after our fight in school."
			The girls leant in, listening intently.
			"So, the day of the fight - I didn't know this because I was an ignorant 15 year-old, but that day was the anniversary of the start of the Bogside War. That's why Connor snapped so hard."
			"You weren't to know." Connor added.
			"Well, even if it wasn't that day and you were English born and bred, it would still have been wrong." Trey responded. "Anyway, after that, we both ended up in detention. From there, we got to know each other better - and learned that my dad knew his uncle Vince."
			"Yeah - our mums were both hit by the Outbreak." Connor added.
			"I heard about that." Chloe added, looking forlorn. "I'm so sorry..."
			"What's that?" asked Bea, her face full of sympathy.
			The room quietened a little.
			"Loads of pregnancies in the city went wrong around that time." Trey said. "Stillbirths, mostly. Loads of women died too."
			"Jesus..." Bea muttered.
			Connor gave an awkward half-shrug. "Yeah. We were the only babies that actually survived. Anyone else born at that time managed to dodge the Outbreak."
			"I hate that name..." Trey sighed. "It makes it sound like we're a disease."
			"I'm one too." Amy nodded, smiling sadly. "You're in the room with three anomalies."
			Chloe blinked. "Wait, seriously?"
			"Yep. Tiny little local celebrity club." Amy snorted. "Perks include trauma, mummy issues, and occasional Lancet articles."
			"This was supposed to be an embarrassing story about Trey sharting, I should note." Connor grinned.
			"Hey, I overshare when I'm drunk. Bite me." Trey snarked back.
			The gang let out subdued chuckles.
			"Anyway." he continued. "From there, we became fast friends."
			"And Trey got weirdly guilty about the whole bullying thing." Connor grinned.
			"I *was* guilty."
			"Yeah, but normal people buy someone a pint. You apparently offer them one free war crime."
			Trey grinned, leaning back.
			"So, when we were in college, I made Connor promise he'd get even. That he'd do something to me so humiliating, so borderline-cruel, so embarrassing, that we'd be even. And, well, Connor doesn't like to break his promises."
			Connor chuckled ever so slightly. "I think we can agree I got you back good."
			Trey chuckled too, clearly glad to hit the meat of the story. "One night, I was meeting with... well, let's just say she was a casual friend. Only, the morning before, I'd already slept with someone else."
			Chloe gasped.
			"It's okay - it was all informal. No hurt feelings - I was a real slag back then." Trey grinned. "Anyway, I didn't know if I'd manage to handle a second one that day, so Connor - this little fucker - he gave me some pills, told me they were Viagras, to help me manage."
			Connor snorted with laughter.
			"Tell us, Connor. What were those pills?" Trey asked, faux-shocked.
			"They were not viagras." Connor chuckled.
			"What were they then?" Trey asked. Everyone leaned in.
			"They were super-laxatives." Connor answered. Everyone erupted in laughter.
			"I didn't think they'd work *that* badly!" Connor added, again causing more laughter.
			"Needless to say, he got me back good." Trey grinned.

			The night continued, and the drinking went on.

		Never Have I Ever
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Later that evening, everyone except Connor and Sparky was tipsy. Connor sipped his whiskey and smiled.
			"How do you do it?" Trey asked. "You always used to be a heavyweight, sure, but lately you've been drinking us all under the table."
			"Irish blood." Connor smirked. "The Irish are genetically programmed to metabolise whiskey. Other alcohols follow suit." Internally, he wondered - "I can survive chlorine gas. Maybe I can just metabolise alcohol too fast to get drunk?"
			"Well that's bullshit." Trey laughed. "My family's Caribbean and I can't handle rum at all." 
			"Well, Caribbean people are programmed to metabolise rum - you're just a weakling." Connor chuckled. 
			"Fuck you!" Trey giggled. "Not my fault my grandad's overproof could strip paint."
			"Oh, shut up." Amy jeered. "You get jaundiced from mocktails, you're such a pussy."
			"Eat shit, dyke." he snarked back. "Anyway, speaking of Irish blood - Connor!"
			"Feck yous."
			"La-di-da, Mr. Irishman. Go on, do the voice." he went, mocking a leprechaun voice.
			"The 'voice?'" Connor asked, raising an eyebrow.
			"Your Irish accent!" Trey laughed.
			"What, 'Dae tha funny voice noy, ya Eirish mun-kee?'" Connor replied in a comically exaggerated Irish accent. 
			"Yeah!" Amy added, teasingly. "Doo da Dublin ack-sent." she went, in a butchered parody of a real Dublin accent.
			"Feck yous both." Connor replied in a real, normal Derry accent. "I'm not a jukebox."
			Both Amy and Trey laughed. "It sounds so good though!" Trey cheered. "Why don't you use your real accent?"
			"That's not my real accent." Connor replied, shifting back to his normal, part-Devon, part-Derry accent. "This is. Equal parts Saxon and Gael."
			"I've noticed the way you pronounce certain words - especially 'oo' sounds - is quite Irish." Bea added.
			"Yeah - it's worse when I shout. I sound like I'm going to blow up your car." Connor chuckled.
			"Ah, sing it!" Trey shouted.
			"No, Trey. I'm not singing it." Connor said faux-sternly.
			"But it's my birthdayyyy." Trey begged.
			"What's he asking?" Chloe asked.
			"My uncle... he used to always whistle Irish Rebel songs. He taught me the words, and, well, they're good songs." Connor answered, unsure of their reaction.
			"Wow. I'd love to hear one?" Chloe leant in.
			"Me too!" Bea added.
			Connor breathed a sigh of relief.
			"Do Rifles!" Amy cheered eagerly.
			Connor chuckled. "Rifles sounds shit without instruments."
			"Fuck it, I'll tap out a rythmn." Amy grinned.
			Connor smirked, took a deep breath, and began to sing, this time in his Derry accent.

			"In nineteen, hundred, and sixteen,
			The forces of the crown,
			To take the Orange, White, and Green,
			Bombarded Dublin town,
			But in twenty-one,
			Brittania's Huns,
			Were forced to earn their pay-ay-and,
			The Black-and-Tans, like lightning ran, from the Rifles of the IRA.

			They burned their way through Munster,
			And laid Leinster on the rack,
			In Connaught, and in Ulster,
			Marched the men-a-Brown and Black,
			They shot down wives, and children in,
			Their own 'heroic' way-ay-and,
			The Black-and-Tans, like lightning ran, from the Rifles of the IRA,

			They hanged young Kevin Barry high,
			A lad of eighteen years,
			Cork city's flames lit up the sky,
			But our brave boys knew no fear,
			The Cork brigades with hand grenades,
			In ambush, waiting lay-ay-and,
			The Black-and-Tans, like lightning ran, from the Rifles of the IRA,

			The Tans were got, taken out and shot,
			By the brave, and the valiant few,
			Sean Tracey, Dinny Lacey,
			And Tom Barry's gallant crew,
			Though we're not free yet,
			We won't forget,
			Until our dying day-ay-when,
			The Black-and-Tans, like lightning ran, from the Rifles of the IRA."

			Once the singing stopped, Connor opened his eyes. Chloe's eyes glistened at how emotional the performance was. Bea looked awestruck. Amy and Trey, having heard the song before, merely looked proudly on.
			"You look just like Vince." Amy thought.
			"So..." Connor began.
			"That... That was beautiful." Chloe smiled.
			"Amazing..." Bea responded. "Simply amazing."
			"To Ireland!" Amy toasted.
			"Ireland!" everyone else joined. 
			Connor raised his glass. "Tiocfaidh ar la. 'Our day will come', more or less."
			"Chuckie allah." Trey nodded, trying his hardest to mimic Connor's pronunciation. Everyone laughed. 
			"So, um..." Bea began, "This might be a dumb question, but what does 'Black and Tans' mean?"
			Trey broke into a giggle. "To be fair, it does sound *pretty* racist."
			Connor chuckled. "Fuck, it does, doesn't it? Shit, I mean growing up, I knew what it meant, but devoid of context..."
			"Those Blacks and those Tans, coming over here..." Amy snarked. The gang chuckled.
			"The Tans were..." Connor began, taking a deep breath. "They were an auxilliary unit, drafted into the RIC during the 20s War. Most of 'em were ex-soldiers, especially once WW1 ended. They got the name because they wore dark RIC jackets with khaki trousers. They were brutal fuckers, too. There was a time when it looked like the 20s War might end in Irish independence - after all, the Empire was knackered from the Great War, and the IRA was gaining ground - that is, until the Tans burned down half the country. It wasn't until the 70s War that they brought in the Autonomy, and even then... Well, the Bogside War'll tell yous how that went. To this day, 'Tan' is a hell of an insult back home. If an Irishman calls you a Tan, he's basically calling you a Nazi."
			Bea nervously scratched her shoulders. "Sorry, I--I didn't mean to pry, there."
			"It's fine." Connor shrugged, smiling. "One thing we Irish love is lamenting the atrocities heaped upon us. Go ahead, ask me about the Famine next - we've got a couple hours." he said, grinning.
			"Ah, sure Jesus, you mean 'the Great Starving,' don't yous?" Trey cut in.
			"Aye, I feckin' do." Connor snarked back. "English bastards. Comin' over here, taking our food..."
			Bea chuckled, relieved.

			Later on, the group gathered outside, around a small firepit. Trey was smoking the joint Amy had brought - a second present, of sorts.
			"So, Chlo." he began. "You wanted to give this a go?"
			"Yeah, okay - not too much though." Chloe replied, unsure.
			Trey passed the joint over. "Okay, you wanna just inhale it in - hold it in your lungs until it burns, then breathe out." he explained.
			Chloe smirked, then did so. She held it as long as she could, and coughed out.
			"There you go!" Trey smiled, taking the joint back from her so she could cough.
			"You okay?" Connor asked, concerned.
			"Yeah--*cough,* yeah... I'm *cough cough* okay..." Chloe replied, chuckling.
			"Anyway - it's puff-puff-*pass,* not puff-puff-keep." Amy said, impatiently grabbing the joint from Trey's hand.
			"Yeah, yeah, get off my case, bitch." Trey replied faux-mocklingly.
			Amy smirked and hit his arm, before inhaling. She held it for much longer than Chloe did, and blew out smoke rings.
			"Hah, that's cool!" Chloe laughed.
			Bea took a long drag, and then blew her smoke into the fire, causing it to release embers.
			Chloe chuckled more, clearly affected by the weed.
			Bea passed the joint to Connor.
			"Here we go - show off." Amy smirked.
			Connor grinned, and took a deep drag - the deepest one of the lot. The joint physically got shorter by the time he was done. 
			He blew out three smoke rings, waited for them to expand, and blew out three little puffs to go through the hoops. He passed the joint over to Trey.
			"Hahaha! That was so cool! How did you learn to do that?" Chloe asked, giggling.
			"Practice, YouTube, and boredom." Connor smirked. The gang chuckled.
			Trey leant back, letting the high wash over him. "So..." he began. "What's everyone's favourite word?"
			"Ah, this is what Trey's like when he's high. He asks things that sound profound, but are in fact, fuckin' stupid." Connor grinned.
			The gang chuckled. Bea chimed in.
			"Ummm... my favourite word is 'Saturnine'. It means 'gloomy' but just sounds so pretentious, hah."
			Amy chuckled. "My favourite word is 'Fuck'"
			"We know." Trey laughed. "You say it every sentence."
			"Fuck off." Amy teasingly laughed back.
			"Mine would be 'Bamboozled.'" Trey chuckled. "It just always makes me laugh."
			"Any more of that weed, you'll be more than Bamboozled." Bea smirked.
			Chloe giggled. "Mine's probably 'Zhivuchiy'. It's a Russian word that means 'Enduring' or 'Hard to kill.'"
			"You live in Siberia, you're gonna need a word for that." Connor grinned, sipping his drink. He paused for a moment.
			"Mine's 'Defenestration'. Because there was a period in Czech history where they threw so many people out of windows, they must have paused and gone 'We need a quicker way to say 'thrown out of a window', don't we?'" he explained.
			The gang laughed again. Trey stroked Sparky's ears. "What's your favourite word, bud?"
			"Probably 'Walkies' or 'Food', right?" Bea chuckled.
			"Family." Sparky yapped. Connor gave him a knowing nod, and smiled.
			"Haha, his favourite word is 'woof', then." Trey grinned, imitating Sparky's yap.
			"Hah! By the way, are you hungry? I'm hungry. Is anyone else hungry?" Chloe rambled.
			Bea chuckled. "Come on, Chloe - let's go get some nibbles."
			"Ooh, sounds good." Chloe giggled, heading inside with Bea.
			Trey smiled. "Bless her. I remember our first joint." he said, pointing at Connor.
			"Ugh, don't even..." Connor groaned.
			"What did I tell you was in it?" Trey asked, giggling.
			"You told me it was really weak and mostly tobacco." Connor said, side-eyeing Trey.
			"This was after the super-laxatives, right?" Trey asked, now laughing.
			"At least I didn't shart myself." Connor chuckled, sipping his drink.
			"I remember when I first whiteyed." Amy laughed.
			"I'm gonna grab a drink, bro. Want one?" Connor asked.
			"Hell yeah! Pour me another rum & cola." Trey nodded.
			Connor clicked his teeth affirmatively, and headed inside. Amy joined him, thirsty herself.
			Trey took a drag on the joint, trying and failing to mimic Connor's trick.
			He finished it, and threw the roach on the fire. He got down on the ground and laid next to Sparky.
			"Hey, buddy..." he giggled.
			"Hi, Trey! You smell funny now!" Sparky smiled, licking his face.
			"Haha, hello... How was your day today?" Trey asked.
			"Good! Not as good as yours though!" Sparky replied.
			"Aww... I bet you were bored today, eh? You would have loved the zoo, the safari..." Trey chuckled.
			"How was the safari?" Sparky asked, tilting his head.
			"Yeah, it was good... We saw wolves, smaller than you." Trey replied, before gasping.
			"Wait... did you just speak?" he asked Sparky, shocked.
			"Um... woof?" Sparky replied, dumbstruck.
			"Shit..." Trey muttered, looking into the fire. "I've gotta lay off the weed."

		Rifles of the IRA
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor woke up to the sunlight shining on his face - and to the sound of Trey and Sparky snoring in unison. He looked over, chuckled, and rose out of the blow-up mattress he'd been sleeping in. He nudged Trey with his foot.
			He heard Trey say "Uh-huhhh..." slowly.
			"You want coffee?"
			"Yes please..." Trey said, half-asleep.
			Connor nodded, rose, and knocked on Phil's room's door. Chloe answered.
			"Morning!" she said cheerfully.
			"Morning!" Connor smiled back. "I'm gonna make coffees. You want one?"
			"I'd love one." she nodded, putting her glasses on.
			"How do you take it?"
			"Oh, milk, no sugar - unless you have sweetner?" she smiled. "Diabetes, eh?"
			Connor chuckled back. "Bea?" he asked.
			Bea woke up. "Huh... oh, uh... hi Connor..." she slurred, groggy and hungover.
			Connor grinned. "Coffee?"
			"Uh, milk, two sugars... thank you..." she mumbled.
			Connor nodded, and rubbed his eyes.
			"You okay?" asked Chloe.
			"Yeah, fine... just a migraine."
			"Hangover? I didn't think you got that drunk."
			"Yeah, I suppose... must be dehydrated." he nodded. "I'll see you downstairs?"
			"Yeah, sounds good!" Chloe smiled, and closed the door to get dressed.
			Heading back to the bed, she saw Bea on her phone, looking slightly stressed.
			"You okay?" she asked.
			"Yeah, it's fine." she replied abesntly, reading her notifications. 27 missed calls from Charlie, text message after text message, each one more self-pitying than the last. "Please pick up, I'm begging you." one read. "I'm so sorry if I upset you." said another.
			She sighed, and put her phone down, before looking at herself in the mirror.
			"Damn it..." she muttered.
			"What's wrong?" Chloe piped up.
			Bea responded by pointing to a tiny white patch on her arm.
			"Vitiligo. New one."
			Chloe smiled softly, and took a closer look.
			"It's only a small one." she said, trying to sound reassuring. "I doubt it'll get much bigger."
			Bea shrugged, and looked at her eyes in the mirror. Her blue eye caught the sunlight through the window, and she sighed again.
			"Hey." Chloe cut in, firmly but caringly. "You're beautiful. Don't ever think otherwise."
			Bea smiled warmly. "Thanks, girl. You too."

			Connor knocked on the spare bedroom door. He heard Amy mumble "One second!" and the sound of shuffling. She answered the door, clearly having just thrown on whatever clothes were nearby.
			"Coffee?" Connor asked nonchalantly.
			"Yeah, go on then."
			Connor nodded, went downstairs, and began making the coffees.
			The gang joined him downstairs, now dressed, and all sat down on the sofas, barely awake.
			Connor served the coffees, and sat down, before rubbing his temples in pain. His migraine was getting worse, and his vision slightly blurry.
			"Yo. Earth to Connor." Amy snarked. "You okay?"
			"Yeah, fine..." he sighed. A splash of blood came from his nostrils.
			"Oh, god - are you alright?" asked Bea, worried.
			Connor tilted his head, before he noticed the droplets. He quickly grabbed some paper towels, and rushed to the sink.
			Sparky trotted over softly.
			"The pains?" he asked.
			Connor subtly nodded, washing away the blood.
			"You need to get out." Sparky whispered, as if the humans could hear him. "We haven't gone for a hunt in days."
			Connor responded by pushing his palm into Sparky's head. Their minds brushed up against each other, and Connor thought into his packmate's psyche.
			"I know. There's a job tonight - arms traffickers. We'll go out - get some 'pain relief.'"
			Sparky grinned, almost savagely, in anticipation.
			Amy walked over, and put her hand on his shoulder, startling him slightly.
			"Sorry..." she said gently. "Are you alright?"
			"Yeah, I'm fine. It'll clear up soon." he nodded. He turned back to the group, who were all looking at him - the concern on their faces visible.
			"Sorry, guys - I'm fine, don't worry." he smiled, trying to reassure them. Hesitantly, they resumed their conversation.
			Amy leaned in, and whispered.
			"You sure you're okay?"
			"I'll be fine." he nodded softly. The bleeding stopped, and the pulsating clustered headache lessened into a more manageable pain.

			Morning turned to afternoon. The gang had parted ways, and Connor took a power nap back at the flat. He shambled out of the bed and into the living room, where Amy was watching TV with Sparky.
			"You okay?" she asked.
			"I'm alright..." he replied groggily. "That was... that was awful."
			"Was it to do with your powers?"
			"Yeah." he sighed. "They come and go."
			She hesitated slightly. "Do you remember when we were kids? You had a really bad nosebleed when..."
			"When I killed him."
			"When you saved me." she corrected.
			"I know. Same thing. He had it coming." Connor shrugged.
			"Too right." Amy replied softly. "Has, um... Has that been playing on your mind lately?"
			"A little." he admitted. "When I killed Hughes. It reminded me."
			"In either case, you saved people. So many kids, just like me - they're free and safe now, because of what you did."
			Connor sighed. "Thank you. I needed to hear that."
			"Take it from the first person you ever saved, *superhero.*" she audibly grinned.
			Connor laughed. "Fine. I'm a superhero. Are you gonna let that go now?"
			"Absolutely not." she giggled.
			"Well then..." he smirked, stretching. "I guess this superhero should get to work."
			"You sure?" Amy tilted her head. "After this morning? Shouldn't you get some sleep?"
			Connor sighed, looking away. "The, um... the headaches, they..."
			"What is it?" she asked, slightly worried.
			"They get better if I... If I cause pain." he admitted. "I don't know why. And because I haven't been out in a few nights, they've gotten bad."
			Amy smiled sympathetically. "That... that sounds horrible."
			"Yeah... it is." he nodded. "Anyway... it's either go beat up some skinheads, or start self-harming again."
			"I vote for option one." she chuckled grimly. "Stay safe, alright?"
			"Aw, I didn't know you cared." he grinned.
			"Go fuck yourself." she snarked back.

		Nosebleed
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Boss." Marcus began. "He's here again."
			Vitale sighed, and rubbed his temples. "Alright, let him in."
			Marcus nodded, and opened the metal door to the office. Connor, clad in his costume, sauntered in.
			"Alright, Lupo? Whiskey?"
			Connor stared down at him, his eyes glowing red. "Do you want to tell me what the *FUCK* you were doing last week with Donovan?"
			"Call it keepin' my options open. No hard feelings, yeah?"
			Connor leaned in, placing his hands on the desk. "Let me make myself clear. No-one gets the serum. Not Crane, not you, not fuckin' anyone."
			"What, you wanna keep all that power to yourself, eh? Face it, Lupo - this ain't a gang rivalry anymore. This is warfare, and we need weapons."
			"*I'm* the weapon." Connor snarled. "Killing Super-Agents is my job. For your own sake, don't put yourself in that category."
			"Alright, alright. I can respect that."
			Connor nodded, and turned to leave.
			"One more thing." Vitale cut in, his gold teeth shining in his grin. "Can you put your girl on a leash?"
			"My... girl?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Yeah. The fuckin' girl in the gimp suit with the whips and knives." Vitale said, folding his arms. "Now, her work on Southside I don't mind, but now half my dealers are too scared to go out at night. Bad for business."
			"What are you talking about? There's another vigilante out there?"
			Vitale's grin only widened. "Oh, you didn't know? Well, either way, can you get her to ease off? You know, to keep this little truce we have nice and stable."
			Connor grimaced under his mask, turning to leave. "Go fuck yourself, Vitale."
			"Yeah, nice seeing you too, Lupo." he chuckled, sipping his drink.

			Bea slowly stepped down from the bus, deep in thought. She took a breath, and looked into the fancy restaurant ahead.
			Charlie spotted her, and waved. She gave an awkward one back, and headed inside.
			Immediately, he rushed over to her, hugging her tightly.
			"Oh, I've missed you..." he began.
			"Y-yeah, I've missed you too." she said unsurely, sitting down.
			"Right - I've ordered us a bottle of vino - only their finest, of course!"
			She cleared her throat. "Charlie... can we talk?"
			"Oh, no... have I overstepped again?" he frowned.
			"It's not that..." she said softly, taking his hand. "I just... I don't want you feeling like you have to call and text me so much."
			"I'm so sorry..." he said, burying his face in his hands. "I know, you need your space, and of course I respect that. I didn't mean to be so... overbearing."
			"Hey, it's okay." she smiled softly, her heart aching at his pain. "Please don't be upset."
			He gave her a sad look. "It's just... ever since my mother left, I've always been so... well, I suppose clingy is the right word. I think, deep down... I'm just terrified of feeling so alone, again."
			"I'm not going anywhere." she nodded. "I'm sorry I didn't call you back sooner... listen, I'll make an effort to be more available, okay? I promise."
			He looked up at her, his eyes glistening. "Thank you... that means so much."
			She smiled, squeezing his hand.

			Connor stood in the cold afternoon air, morphing his clothes back and taking a deep breath. He pulled out his burner phone, and dialed a number.
			"Privet, tovarishch!" Ivan answered jovially.
			"Hey, Ivan. I've got some news..."
			"Da, I thought as much..."
			The three heroes had gathered round Ivan's safehouse. He'd placed a photo of a white-haired woman in a black kevlar bodysuit, slashing a man's throat with a knife tied to a whip.
			"Agent Whiplash. Real name unknown." he began. "International assassin. As you can tell, she's got a bit of a gimmick."
			"And she's here in Drackhill? Cleaning up scum, by the sound of it." Connor shrugged. "No one's died here yet, have they?"
			"No. But she doesn't get hired to beat up gangsters. She's here for a reason - and we need to know why."
			Connor stroked his chin. "So we've gotta draw her out somehow. Any ideas?"
			"Da - a few." Ivan nodded, handing Connor a small flare gun. "Shoot this into the sky from a rooftop."
			"You wanna use me as bait?"
			"Poisonous bait." Ivan grinned. "Me and Sparky will be nearby."
			Connor shook his head. "No. There's a shipment of guns coming in from Angleport tonight that we were gonna intercept."
			"You want backup on this one bratan - trust me."
			"And if that shipment doesn't get taken care of, a lot of people could end up dying." Connor countered. "Plus, if this Whiplash wants to meet, you think she'll be happy if I've brought friends?"
			Ivan stroked his beard, deep in thought. "Alright. I'll go with Sparky on the shipment."
			"It'd be nice to hang out!" Sparky smiled. Connor translated.
			"Hah, too right chuvak. We can cut loose without him getting in the way."
			"Yeah, yeah. I'm meeting a woman with whips and a skintight bodysuit - you guys will cramp my style." Connor snarked back.
			"This better not awaken something in you..." Ivan grinned, as he zipped up his costume. "Udachnoy okhoty, tovarishch."
			"Spasibo." Connor nodded, butchering the pronounciation. Ivan laughed, as the three parted ways.

		Pre-Whiplash
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The rain had finally subsided, but had turned instead to mist. At the street level, Drackhill City's lights had halos around them, as they refracted through the fog.
			But on the rooftops, the air was clear enough for a flare.
			The red light shined in the sky, hanging in the air for a few seconds before burning out. Connor was underwhelmed, but morphed on his mask and leaned against an aircon unit. Before long, though, he heard the unmistakable sound of running.
			He turned, and saw a woman clad in a black kevlar bodysuit, sprinting across the rooftops. She leapt over the alleyways with preturnatural grace, as though she were floating through the air. In moments, she landed on his roof, her boots grinding into the gravel as she came to a halt. Her eyes flashed violet behind her domino mask, and then settled down into blue.
			"Good evening." Connor began.
			"You know who I am?" she asked.
			"Well, I'm hoping not the dominatrix I hired. That'd be awkward." he grinned.
			"Wow. Did you come up with that all by yourself?" she smirked back.
			"It's a gift." he chuckled. "I take it you're 'Whiplash?'"
			"And you must be The Werewolf, no?"
			She walked over to him, slowly - like a cat approaching a crippled mouse.
			"Gotta say, your super-name is way cooler than mine." he quipped. "Sure, it's a little on the nose, but--"
			Before he could finish, she drew her whip and cracked it in the air.
			Connor gulped. "Maybe I should change mine to 'Stabby Stabby Punch Man.'"
			"Funny guy." she grinned. "It's a shame, really."
			"What is?"
			"Someone out there wants you dead."
			"That... really doesn't narrow it down. Are you with Paladin?"
			"Not them, no." she smiled. "It's not just them you've pissed off."
			"And let me guess - you're here to kill me?"
			She chuckled. "You know my name - so you know what I do."
			"That sucks. I was really feeling a connection." he grinned. "Now, I was told as a kid to never hit a woman, so maybe this'd be easier if you just walk awa---"
			At that, she launched a throwing knife at him. He caught it by the handle, and looked up, just as her whip smacked across his face.
			He cartwheeled away to reduce the impact, and stabbed the knife into the ground.
			"That wasn't very nice. I was still monologuing." he laughed, before his costume thickened with anticipation.
			"Sorry, darling. Busy schedule." she smirked. She threw a knife into the air, and hit it with her whip. To Connor's amazement, the whip's edge wrapped around the handle and knotted itself perfectly.
			"Whoa... do it again!" he snarked, before pouncing in.

			Whiplash, true to her name, swung out, the knife at the edge slashing across Connor's chest. At the second strike, he grabbed the rope, only for the knife to swing around and stab into his abdomen. He pulled the whip as hard as he could, and Whiplash launched towards him.
			He sent a haymaker aiming right for her head. As it sailed through the air, her eyes flashed violet, and he felt it move - as if some hidden force was pushing it away. All the momentum was lost, as it went right by the side of her head. Meanwhile, she pulled two knives from her belt, and sank them repeatedly into his torso.
			He kicked her as hard as he could, and actually made her move - slightly. He scurried backwards, gasping for breath.
			"Okay... time out?" he shrugged.
			"You wish." she grinned, striking him with her whip once more. It caught him in the face, cutting across his cheek.
			He quickly darted backwards, and felt his gauntlets morph. He drew a handful of darts, and launched them at her.
			As they flew forwards, he made sure to trigger his super-senses. His eyes burned red, and he watched in slow motion as they sailed through the air. All of them were on a direct course for her. Even with her enhanced physicals, she could not possibly move fast enough to dodge them all.
			To his horror, he watched as her eyes shifted, and they suddenly veered off course, flying past her with not a single scratch.
			"How the fuck..." he muttered, before realising.
			He charged in, bull-rushing towards her. His eyes roared brightly as he ignored strike after strike. In moments, he closed the distance, before morphing blades above his wrists. He grabbed her by the head as hard as he could, and rather than stabbing, he pushed his free hand into her arm. Despite his lack of momentum, it broke past the skin and into the flesh beneath.
			She roared in... no, not pain. Excitement? Surprise? Either way, she spun the whip around, and the knife sank right into his back. Undeterred, he gripped a hold of her arms, and headbutted her as hard as he could.
			Again, he felt a force pushing back. A normal Super-Agent would've been stunned badly by that - she was barely fazed. She headbutted him right back, with far more force, and sent him sprawling backwards.
			He panted for breath, as did she.
			"Oh, baby..." she grinned, licking the blood off of her lips. "No one's ever given me this much before."
			"Okay, this is getting weird now." he chuckled, rising. "How the fuck are you doing that?"
			"What? This?" she smirked, before launching her whip at him again. This time, his hand shot out, and he grabbed it. He ripped it towards him, and planted his foot in her torso. She tried, but couldn't keep her grip. He threw it down, and raised his fists.
			"Never bring a whipknife to a fistfight." he quipped, before charging in.
			"Oh... excellent." she growled excitedly, putting up her stance.
			The two super-warriors clashed again, and once more, Connor felt that strange force at his hands. Every strike he made either lost momentum, or glanced away, dealing minimal damage. Meanwhile, he could hardly move to dodge. It was as though the air was thicker for him, and thinner for her.
			Finally, a haymaker from her sent him spinning to the ground. Landing on his back, she planted her boot on his neck. He gripped her heel, trying desperately to move it, but felt even the tiny gasps of air he could breathe be pulled from his lungs.
			"That was... exquisite." she panted, grinning sadistically. "Oh, it's such a shame."
			Connor felt his vision blur. The world was going darker, and he fought for every breath.
			"Shh... don't fight it. Embrace it." she whispered.
			"Embrace it." the voice echoed in his skull. "Embrace it..."
			He felt his twin heartbeats quicken, then begin to slow. It was too much...
			Too much...
			No.
			NO!
			His eyes burned a brilliant crimson, as he sent a strike right into her heel. It snapped, and she howled in pain. He sprang up, and sent another to her head. While the force restricted it, it landed, and his knuckles cracked along with her cheekbone. Then, he twisted her to face away, and wrapped her as tight as he could.
			"This is... no time for a cuddle, darling..." she snarled, gripping her braid. She sank the knife into his chest. Then again. And again.
			He didn't react. He merely shuffled both to the edge of the rooftop, and jumped.
			As they sailed down to the ground, she tried to use her strange power to cushion their fall.
			It made a tiny difference, as they smashed down into a car. Metal and glass cut into her skin, and she felt her ribcage give way.

			The car alarm blared loudly, and a nearby door swung open.
			"NOO! MY CAR! I JUST PAID THAT THING OFF!" the main screamed.
			Connor looked at him with savage eyes, and snarled.
			"I, uh... I mean, I didn't like it that much anyway..." he cleared his throat, before running off.
			Connor grabbed Whiplash's braid, and pulled. Her head raised, as she groaned. He put his knife to her throat. and leaned into her.
			"Start talking. Or I start cutting."
			She sputtered, and spat blood. "N-not g-gonna be t-talk--talking so m-much... p-punctured lung..." she groaned.
			Police sirens pierced through the night's air. Connor looked around frantically, trying to think.
			"Fuck..." he muttered, before hoisting her on his shoulder, and rushing off into the night.

		Enter, Whiplash
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Whipash's eyes shot open, and she instinctively reached out, grabbing the nearest human by the throat.
			"Gagh!" the man choked, before she felt another hand grip her wrist and yank it away. She sat up, and saw the Werewolf - and an older man, with glasses and surgical scrubs.
			"Easy." Connor growled firmly. Whiplash stared him down, but relented.
			"Where am I?" she asked.
			"Still in Drackhill." Connor nodded, turning to the older man. "Send the bill to Mr. Crane."
			"Thanks..." he nodded, clearing his throat. He turned to face her. "I'd say don't do anything strenuous, but..."
			She reached down, and felt her ribcage mechanically. The ribs were still fractured, but her lung wasn't leaking air anymore. Her heel - the one Connor snapped - was bound in a cast.
			"I managed to vent your lung when you came in. Normally I'd say we put a tube in, but air build-up is minimal. If your breathing gets worse again, come right back in."
			"Thanks, doc." Connor nodded. He motioned, and Whiplash rose. She strained, but got to her feet. She limped as the pair left the back-alley clinic.

			"Why'd you save me?" she asked.
			Connor paused, folding his arms.
			"Three reasons. First, because I wanna know some things. Second... well, you're not with Paladin, so there's no inherent reason to kill you. Third... You were in a lot of pain. And I could help."
			"Oh, don't tell me you've fallen for me." she grinned.
			"I do that." he sighed. "Masking. I do it all the time. I quip during fights, I banter with my friends, I--"
			"Spare me the psychoanalysis." she cut in harshly. "What's the real reason?"
			"I've just given three."
			"Three bullshit reasons." she scoffed. "You wouldn't save me unless there was something in it for you. Something more than a little chat."
			"Is it that hard to believe I would help you?" he tilted his head.
			"Yes." she nodded curtly. "I tried to kill you."
			Connor sighed again. "You know, one guy shot at me with a sniper rifle. Then he unloaded a shotgun into my chest. He's now one of my closest allies."
			"'Allies?' Are you asking me on a date?" she snarked.
			"I'm guessing the guys who paid you won't be too happy." he shrugged. "And I'm guessing someone with your... 'talents...' would be a lot of trouble for them to go after. Why not work together?"
			She looked away. "No. It's too dangerous."
			"Whiplash." he said firmly. "I can see in slow motion, so I saw what you can do."
			She sighed, leaning back. "It's called Trajectory Manipulation. A form of telekinesis."
			"How do you do it?"
			"How do you shit knives and darts out of your hands?" she chuckled. "I... I was only a little girl when they took me."
			Connor nodded, wordlessly encouraging her. She hesitated, and folded her arms - as if putting up a shield.
			"They put you in this airtight pod, filled with lukewarm water, and they whack an oxygen mask on your face." she continued. Her eyes squeezed shut, as if she was back in the pod once again. "You can't hear, smell, taste, feel, see... complete sensory deprivation."
			"How long do you stay in?" he asked.
			"As long as it takes." she shuddered. "They let you out once you manage to tell them the password. And the only way to get the password... is to read someone's mind."
			"How do you do that?"
			"That's what the deprivation is for." she nodded. "If your five senses are shut off, you're forced to rely on your sixth. That's why they lock up kids - apparently, children's neurons are less insulated, which makes them more receptive to... to that kind of training."
			"And once your sixth sense is activated... you're what, a psychic?"
			"Esper. That was the term they used." she shrugged. "You still need to be trained, though. Most of our 'powers' are far too complicated to use right off the bat. For example, I can manipulate trajectories, but I never trained in general telekinesis. For my... line of work... you need a more subtle touch."
			Connor cleared his throat. "So, this... psychic laboratory, or whatever - who are they?"
			"ODIN." she shrugged. "Operational Directorate for Investigative Neurokinetics. They were originally a CIA black project called MKULTRA; when they realised they were *actually* on to something, they went solo."
			"ODIN... they really squeezed to make that acronym fit, eh?" he snarked.
			She let out a soft laugh. "You're telling me. What with us, PaladinCorp, and Eidolon - you have a habit of getting people with ominous names to try and kill you."
			"You said you weren't with Paladin. So, ODIN - the're the ones who want me dead?"
			"No. They produce assassins. The man who *hired* me wants you dead." she chuckled grimly. "And now... he'll be after me, and so will they..."
			"Why would they come after you?"
			"Because I failed." she admitted, choking up a little - not out of shame, but fear. "I know the punishment for failing and not dying."
			"Then stay here." he said softly. "If they come here, we can fight them off together."
			She looked at him, her eyes trembling slighty. "I... I can't. I've got to go off the grid - at least for a while."
			"I get it." Connor nodded gently. "But listen - if you do need help, come to the Singing Horse - it's a nightclub in Redbridge. Ask for me - the owner knows me."
			"Why are you doing this?" she asked, her brow furrowing.
			"Doing what? Being kind?"
			"Yes! Why would you do that?!" she hissed.
			"Because... I know what it's like to be tortured." he shrugged. "And to be hunted. And it's my fault you're in this situation. And... well, I'm something of a superhero. It's my *job* to be kind."
			She paused, looking at him up and down. The monster in the kevlar suit - her target, her prey... it didn't make sense.
			She hesitantly reached out her hand. He paused, but took it, and their consciousnesses shot against each other.
			She saw the Commandant's torment of him. His body twisting and reshaping against his will. He saw... nothing. The horror of nothingness. The pod.
			It was too much. They pulled away, and rubbed their temples in unison.
			She turned away, then turned her head back. She pulled off her domino mask, and gulped.
			"Before they took me..." she began, choking on her words. "My name was Olivia. Olivia Cunningham."
			Connor hesitated, but his mask rippled and melted away.
			"I'm Connor. Connor Barrett."
			Whiplash - Olivia - bowed her head, and walked away into the night.
			Connor stood there, as she faded into the fog. The kevlar melted back down into his soft red hoodie, and he pulled the cloth closer for warmth. He took a deep breath, and smiled sadly.

		An Unusual Alliance

	Whiplash
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			It was July 2013.
			Connor, Yaz, and Trey were hanging out in Connor's living room.
			Yaz was lying on the sofa, resting her feet on Connor's lap. Her hair was a bleached blonde, and she wore a black jumpsuit. A movie was playing.
			"Ah, no way!" Trey said, grinning. "I thought it was her."
			"Why would it have been her?" Connor questioned. "She had a solid alibi."
			"Yeah, but who was the person confirming she was there? That's right, her butler! Of course he'd be lying!" Trey countered.
			"Yeah, but we saw earlier that he resents how she treated her father. So, he has no motive to cover for her." Connor retorted.
			Yaz rolled her eyes. She playfully rubbed Connor's crotch with her feet. He squirmed.
			"Hah, that tickles!" he laughed.
			"Oh yeah?" Yaz cocked an eyebrow. "How about we go and 'tickle' upstairs?"
			Trey wolf whistled, grinning.
			Connor looked at her, confused. "You wanna tickle me upstairs?" he asked.
			Yaz chuckled. "No, silly."
			Connor looked at her, puzzled.
			She sighed. "I, um... I just remembered I have homework to do. I'd better head home."
			"You sure? The movie's not over yet." Connor protested.
			"Yeah, I... I'm gonna go." she said.
			"Okay. I'll see you tomorrow?" he asked.
			"Sure."
			Connor stood and went to hug her, but she shuffled out of the way and left.
			He sat down, puzzled.
			"You are a fascinating individual, my friend." Trey grinned.
			"Eh?" Connor asked.
			"You figure out the plot of the whodunnit movie, but, well..." Trey sighed, chuckling.
			Connor paused, before laying back in realisation.
			"Shiiiit..." he groaned, covering his face.
			"There it is." Trey laughed.
			"But she said she just wanted to chill." Connor protested weakly.
			Trey chuckled. "What did she say exactly?"
			"She said 'How about I come over to yours, and we can netflix and chill?'"
			Trey burst into laughter. "And... you replied with..."
			"'Sure, sounds good. I'll call Trey, we can all hang out!'" Connor relayed.
			Trey laughed, and sighed. "Connor... 'Netflix and Chill' means..."
			"To watch Netflix, and chill." Connor answered confidently.
			Trey grinned. "Google it."
			Connor did so, and leant back, sighing dramatically.
			"Yep." Trey giggled.
			"But why would it mean that?"
			"God, you are so Catholic." Trey giggled.
			"Catho-lick my balls." Connor quipped.
			Trey cackled in laughter.
			"God, I'm such a *moron...*"
			"Yeah you are. You're *my* little moron." Trey chuckled.
			"What do I do?" Connor asked, leaning forward.
			"My advice? Go grab some flowers - girls love flowers - and surprise her tomorrow morning. Tell her you're sorry for ignoring her needs, and you want to do better in future." Trey explained.
			"Great idea!" Connor beamed, rushing out.
			Trey leant back. "Guess I'll finish the movie then?" he chuckled.

		Connor ignores Yaz
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor stepped into the Singing Horse late at night, nodding to Pawel. The dim light barely masked the bar's wear and tear, but it felt familiar - like home, if home were a sketchy nightclub. Sparky trotted dutifully at his heel.
			In the back-office, Tommy sat at his desk, while Trey stood.
			"Look, Trey, you're a good kid... you sure you wanna do this?" he asked.
			"Connor's a good kid too, and he's one of your top enforcers now." Trey retorted. "Look, my dad - he's worried about the mortgage. I just... we need the extra cash. You know how fast I can move bits."
			Tommy chuckled. "That I do... Alright, fuck it. Pick up from Mo's place tomorrow at 8PM, drop off in the usual place in Bristol. Don't be an idiot - take the long route. And for Christ's sake, don't use your own car."
			Trey cheered silently. "You won't regret this."
			"Make sure you don't either." Tommy warned. "Believe it or not, I don't actually want you kids to get arrested."
			With that, Connor knocked on the door.
			"Right on cue. Come in." Tommy gestured.
			"Connor! Have a seat." he motioned. He put down the paper he was working on, and smiled.
			"Trey?" Connor asked.
			"Hey, bro!" Trey smiled, scratching the back of his head. "Guessing this is my cue to leave, right? Top secret, and all that."
			Tommy cleared his throat. "What's he talking about, Connor?"
			"I told him how the Werewolf came to visit the other week." Connor explained, twitching his eye slightly. "How we're helping him fight the Patriots."
			Tommy leaned back, nodding subtly. "Well, Trey - I'm sure you understand why that needs to be kept on the DL."
			Trey nodded. "Of course, *boss.*"
			"Boss?" Connor cocked an eyebrow, before nodding in realisation. "Be careful, yeah bro? You need a bodyguard, you know where I am."
			"I could say the same." Trey chuckled. "Let me know if any sexy vampires show up."
			Connor smirked, and took a seat.
			As Trey turned, he saw Sparky traipsing in.
			"Oh my goodness! Whosagoodboyyy? You are!" he cooed.
			"No, you are!" Sparky chuckled, taking his seat by Connor as Trey left.
			"Someone's been a busy boy, eh?" Tommy grinned.
			"Hah, you could say that..." he nodded.
			"Don't sell yourself short. A little birdie told me that a certain Werewolf killed Donovan." Tommy smiled, pouring both a drink.
			Connor chuckled, as the pair clinked their glasses. "That nickname's really growing on people, eh? Oh, speaking of..." he motioned downwards. "This is Sparky. The 'wolf' to my 'were.'"
			"Hello, boy." Tommy smiled. "Damn, he's a big one!"
			"He can speak. And he has my powers." Connor continued nonchalantly.
			"Jesus... he can speak?"
			"Only to me. Perks of being a superhuman." Connor chuckled.
			Tommy grinned. "With Donovan dead, the Patriots are in disarray. But..." his expression turned serious, "We've been seeing more of those... black-veined freaks."
			"Super-Agents." Connor said, sipping his drink. "That's what I've been calling them. Mutants who've taken a serum like the one they gave me. Donovan was one - so was that freak who came for me a couple months ago. But they're weaker than me - I'm not sure why."
			"Maybe what they gave you kills most people, so they made a weaker, safer version?" Tommy pondered aloud.
			"Maybe. The more pressing question is, where the hell are random skinheads getting their hands on super-serum?" Connor tilted his head. 
			"Either way, you've been fighting the good fight. Where do you get your info from?"
			"I have a guy - a friend in the KGB. He's been feeding me intel on these freaks. There's this... cabal." 
			"Go on?"
			"The Patriots are stooges for this company - Gambit Security Services. Gambit is a front for Paladin PMC. And Paladin is a front for the Optimates."
			"Who?"
			"The cabal. The conspiracy." he sighed. "An international cartel of the ruling class. They're real pieces of work - and somehow, they're involved in whatever happened to me."
			"Holy shit... That's not just scum, that's plague." Tommy's face turned pale. "Well, that explains the Patriot connection..."
			"Yeah..." Connor nodded. "They're ideological allies."
			"By the way... is there a reason an IT consultancy firm based in the Bahamas has been sending us laundered money?" Tommy asked, eyebrow raised.
			"Killing Hughes wasn't only for the sake of justice. MI5 had a price on his head, and the KGB contracted me to take him out."
			"And they're not part of the conspiracy, then? I'd've thougth MI5 would be the first to join up..."
			"It's... complicated." Connor shrugged. "The Optimates officially don't exist - which means that they can't give outright orders. The guy who contracted me wanted Hughes gone."
			"Well, good to hear it. With that money, I've managed to reopen the repair shop, double wages across all our owned firms, and expand into other sectors. With the Patriots getting stronger, we're being seen as the only defence. Shops and pubs are coming to us for protection before we even ask them." Tommy smiled.
			"Well, that's what the Syndicate has always been about, eh?" Connor cocked an eyebrow. "I should probaly do a few shifts. But hey, been busy."
			"By the way... The police suspect you're involved with us. Well, not you, the Werewolf... but still. There's this detective that came round - I've got history with him. DI Henry Naismith. Supposedly, a stand-up guy - for a copper." Tommy said pensively.
			"Receding brown hair?" Connor tilted his head.
			"That's the one."
			"He shot me in the face last week. Prick." Connor chuckled.
			Tommy grinned. "And you busted his ribs. Plus, you know... you can heal shit."
			"Hmm... I have an idea." Connor pondered.
			"What?"
			"The Optimates thrive in the shadows... you can't win a secret war against them." Connor stared into the distance. "But maybe... If I lead the investigation towards them..."
			"Connor?" Tommy said, unsure.
			"First things first - I'll have a talk with this 'Naismith'. I'll plan a strike against Paladin, and make sure he's there to see it."
			"Smart move." Tommy nodded. "I won't lie, Naismith's close to a crisis of faith. Show him irrefutable proof of these freaks, he might just turn for you."
			Connor smiled. "Call me if you need me. If these bastards hit us, I'm the one who can hit back."
			"You've got it." Tommy nodded. "See you around, comrade."
			"You too." Connor grinned. He turned and left, with Sparky lazily following.
			"You can go to bed, you know." Connor smiled.
			"I know." Sparky yawned. "I like spending time with you."
			"Aww. I like spending time with you too, bud." Connor smiled warmly.
			He pulled out his phone.
			"Hey Ivan." he began. "Need some intel. Do the KGB have the ability to access police personnel files?"
			Ivan audibly grinned. "Well, not *legally,* but we *are* spies. Name?"
			"Naismith. DI Henry Naismith."

		The Werewolf/Revolution
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Naismith was in his home - a small terraced house. He woke up to his alarm, with a big, fluffy St. Bernard curled up at his feet. He sat up, yawned, and stroked the dog.
			"Good boy." he said gently. The old dog raised his head, smiled, and went back to sleep. Naismith looked down at his alarm clock. It was 5AM.
			He headed downstairs and made himself a coffee. He was wearing a dirty white T-shirt and boxers.
			He drank his coffee, then headed into the bathroom. He noticed his stubble was threatening to grow into a full beard. He sighed, sprayed some deodorant, and got dressed. He gave his dog a stroke.
			"I'll be back later, Max. I'll take you out for a walk, yeah?"
			The dog smiled softly. Naismith headed to the kitchen, checked the dog door was still working, and filled Max's bowls with dog food and water. He sighed, aching somewhat, and headed outside to his car. He entered the car, sighed again, and closed his eyes.
			With that, Connor leaned forward from the back seats.
			"Morning, Detective." he said in a deep, gravelly voice.
			Naismith reached for his gun, but Connor drew his own, and pushed it into Naismith's temple.
			"That would be very foolish." he growled. Naismith nodded and released, holding both hands in the air.
			"Gun. Now." Connor barked. "Any sudden moves, your brains'll paint the window."
			Naismith nodded. "Okay. Okay. I'm doing as you say."
			He pulled out his handgun, and passed it to Connor. Satisfied, Connor put both guns down by his side.
			"There." he said. "Now we can talk like grown ups. Never liked guns anyway."
			"What, not visceral enough a method of killing for your tastes?" Naismith snarled in an accusatory tone.
			"Hm? No, I just don't want you to shoot me in the face again. Besides, it's the opposite." Connor chuckled grimly. "With your hands, it's much easier to subdue someone without killing them. You can be deliberate. Guns... It's hard to shoot someone non-lethally. The way I see it, if I use my hands, I make sure everyone I kill, I did it on purpose. My conscience can be clean."
			"A clean conscience?! Did you see the man you butchered at the Hog and Hounds? We had to scoop his brains back in with a spoon!" Naismith replied indignantly.
			"After he shot me in the face. People have a habit of doing that, it seems. Tell me, Inspector - would you be in control of yourself after that?"
			"I wouldn't be anything, I'd be dead - because I'm not some freak of nature!"
			"Oh, I'm a freak all right - but nature had nothing to do with this." Connor chuckled. "Someone else did. And to find out who... I need your help."
			"What?!" Naismith laughed incredulously. "That's a new one. Never had a criminal come to me for help."
			"Naismith." Connor interrupted. "I read your file. Seems you're well known as the office rat - you've arrested 5 other officers in your career. And, you made it to Detective Inspector, which means you're clever. And cherry on top - you came through good on the Hughes job. So, a clever man with morals. If you can't see there's something bigger going on, no one can."
			"I see two things - right and wrong. The law." Naismith inhaled. "And criminality. And I know which side I'm on. What I want, what I support, is the law. Rule by order. You... You're an anarchist. An insane malcontent."
			"Well, I'm definitely a malcontent." Connor chuckled. "And I couldn't agree more - there's right and wrong. Black and white. Where you are wrong..." he continued, his mask hiding his smirk, "Is which side the law's on. The law is the arm of power. And power has a name. Optimates."
			"What are you talking about?!" Naismith sighed, exasperated.
			"No. If I tell you, you won't believe me. You need to see it for yourself." Connor replied. "I'm going to attack somewhere tonight. I won't tell you where, so you don't crash the party too early - but it's in Marsh Road. Have yourself and your people on standby, and listen out for sounds of a fight. It'll begin at 10pm. Try not to shoot me in the face again."
			Naismith shook his head. "Why would you tell me that?"
			"So you can get there on time. And see the truth first-hand." Connor nodded.
			Naismith thought for a moment. "It sounds like I'm doing your dirty work for you."
			"No. You're responding to a threat from a serial killer, right?" Connor interjected. "A known, wanted criminal told you where he plans to strike. So, you have a duty to arrive on the scene, no? Also, you kind of owe me for trying to kill me last week. And besides - there's some Super-Agent bodies in it for you."
			"Super-What?!" Naismith asked incredulously.
			"Super-Agents. Not like me - the men I've been killing. You would have seen loads by now." Connor explained clinically. "They have black veins on their eyesockets. Donovan was one. Super-Agents are humans who have been given a serum that changes them, somehow. You've been sending their bodies to Morland, right?"
			"How do you know about that? Our work with them is top-secret..."
			"Hello? Anarchist malcontent?" Connor jeered. "Safe to say, I know you've been working with Morland. And there'll be more to send them tonight. Are you in, or not?"
			Naismith sighed. "...fine. I'll be there."
			Connor breathed a sigh of relief. He hopped out of the car.
			Naismith rested his head on the steering wheel, and sighed again.
			His thoughts were interrupted by the back door reopening. He spun his head round, as Connor reached in.
			"I, uh... forgot my gun." he said awkwardly, grabbing it.
			Naismith squinted incredulously. Connor hopped back out, holstered it, and facepalmed as he left.
			"Nice one, Connor. Very cool." he muttered to himself.

		Tipping off Naismith
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The gang had gathered around Trey's again for the afternoon - a rare moment where they were all free from work or university - or, in Connor and Sparky's case, a brief repose before their killings that night. Trey had fetched lunch, and they all enjoyed a nice chilled time in.
			Or, it would've been chilled, had Bea not decided to put the local news on.
			"Are you fucking kidding me?!" she snapped at the TV. A debate between the two frontrunners for the mayoral election - Helen Ward of the United Socialist Party, and incumbent Alan Norris of the British Unionist Party - was playing.
			"I've heard this all before." Connor shrugged. "Though, to be fair, it's my natural intinct to spit at anyone with the word 'Unionist' in their description."
			Trey laughed. "I like him." he said sarcastically.
			"Trey, he wants to make sodomy illegal again." Bea replied, shocked and disturbed.
			"Yeah, grand. I wanna feel dirty when I do it." Trey jeered. The gang erupted in a mix of laughs and groans of disgust - most at the same time.
			"It's high time we stopped talking so much about 'Human Rights' and began taking seriously our Human Responsibilities. To each other, to our families, to our children." Norris said in response to a question about abortion.
			Bea paused it, infuriated. "What the hell kind of answer is that?!"
			"That was fucking sinister..." Amy chuckled.
			"'Enough about this 'human rights' rubbish, it's time to talk about human wrongs!'" Connor mockingly mimiced, to roars of laughter.
			"Fuckin' uncanny, bro." Trey cheered. "Thought you were gonna do the Hitler salute, and all."
			Bea unpaused it, watching Ward's response.
			"Are you---Did I hear that right? Sorry, are you saying 'Enough about human rights, let's talk about human wrongs!'?!" Ward asked, bewildered.
			The gang immediately roared "Oiiii!" in unison, while Connor took a bow.
			"And for my next prophecy..." he grinned. Amy kicked him in the rear.
			"Didn't see that coming, did ya?" she jeered.
			"Little shitbag..." he chuckled, sitting back down.
			Chloe smiled. "It's good to see Bea in her element again." she whispered to Connor and Amy, while Bea shouted at another line from Norris.
			"Yeah..." Amy nodded. "Good to see her hanging out with us all again, too."
			"It's because Charlie's not here." Chloe said, hiding a scowl. "He's away for the week, thank God."
			"Do you want me to look into him, a little?" Connor tilted his head.
			"No, it's fine. I'm just... nah, it's fine." she shook her head back.

			The moderator moved the debate to the "press questions" section, as Bea leaned in, listening intently.
			"My question is to both candidates." one reporter began. "As you're both aware, following the Local Government Act 2013, this will be the first election in which the responsibilities of the Police and Crime Commissioner will be folded into the office of Mayor. What changes will you make to the Drackhill Valley police force after the election?"
			"I would start by removing the restrictions placed upon the police by the political correctness mob, and reinstate Stop and Search." Norris nodded.
			"Of course, Mayor Norris's answer is to reinstate a racist policy that damaged community trust." Ward snarked. "I would start by comissioning a full anti-corruption review of the force, and ensure moving forward that transparancy and accountability are a core part of policing in this valley."
			The moderater nodded. "Next, we have a question from Mr. O'Doyle, The Gazette."
			"Thank you." he rose. "Increasingly, people are concerned about the vigilante attacks perpetrated by the so-called 'Werewolf.' Despite this, the police have been unable to identify a suspect, and some people even seem to support him. What are your plans to deal with this situation?"
			"Vigilantism on our streets cannot be tolerated." Norris scowled. "This 'Werewolf' is a terrorist, and should be treated as such. Apprehending him will be my top priority after the election."
			"It's clear that the violence is unacceptable." Ward nodded. "However, the police investigation has failed precisely because the PCC and the Chief Constable have refused to investigate the so-called Patriot gangs. It's not just the Werewolf that needs to be stopped - but the wider conspiracy he is clearly entangled with."
			Connor nodded, smirking slightly. He made a mental note to include Norris as a suspect.

			The debate ended in an offical 'tie', but Ward had clearly emerged the victor. Bea was grinning wildly.
			"Anyway... thanks for putting up with me there." she said shyly.
			"Bea, I'm mates with Connor. Compared to his rants about the 'British Bastards,' this was tame." Trey quipped, chuckling.
			"Feck yous." Connor snarked back.
			Bea laughed. "Anyway... what's up with you guys? Any news?"
			"I'm moving house." Connor shrugged.
			"Oh shit, really?" asked Trey, surprised.
			"Yeah. Got a new place out on Wilbur Avenue. One bed bungalow, but it's got a decent garden for the wee man."
			"That, and I'm sick of your snoring." Amy quipped.
			"When do you move?" asked Chloe.
			"Next week." he smiled. "Thursday."
			"That's pretty soon!" she beamed. "I'm free Thursday - do you need me to look after Sparky?"
			"Ooh, we can go for a walk together!" Sparky barked excitedly.
			"Hah, sounds like a plan." Connor chuckled. "That'd be great."
			Amy piped up.
			"Oh, by the way..." she began. "It's not moving house, but... I've applied for a new job."
			"Oh my god, that's great news, hun!" Bea cheered. "Where for?"
			"A dog shelter. It's like a mix of rescue and daycare." she explained, trying and failing to contain her excitement.
			Connor looked on with pride. "Think you can take Sparky?" he quipped.
			"Think they can take *you?*" Sparky quipped back, half-asleep.
			"Shut up, lazy-bones." Connor snarked.
			"Eat my tail." Sparky winked, flopping his head back down.
			"God, he's got such good banter for a dog." Trey grinned, hearing only the barks and whines, but getting the gist nonetheless.
			"I'm really proud of you." Chloe nodded warmly. "It sounds like a really good opportunity."
			"Well, I've not exactly got it yet." Amy admitted. "But here's hoping."

		TV Debate/Daycare mention
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That night, Naismith and Nina sat in the car, parked up in Marsh Road. Nina was sipping a coffee cup, as Naismith looked out the window, deep in thought.
			"So..." she began. "Do you want to tell me why we're here, sir?"
			"I got a tip off from a CHIS I've been working with." Naismith shrugged. "Supposedly, the Werewolf plans to hit somewhere here tonight. We're always arriving late to these, so... If we get there as it happens, maybe we can catch the bastard."
			Nina smiled and nodded. "It's a shame we couldn't get armed backup."
			"Yeah... budget cuts." Naismith sighed. "Dorsey's putting all the pressure on us to catch this guy, but he's not giving us anything to work with..."
			"Between you and me, sir... I think Dorsey was appointed Chief Constable because he knows how to please the politicians, rather than any actual competance." She anxiously awaited Naismith's reaction, scared of seeming unprofessional. Naismith chuckled, causing her to relax.
			"You got that right..." he replied, grinning. "Anyway... We've just gotta sit on our arses until something goes down. So, in the meantime..." he shrugged, "Uh... tell me about yourself?"
			Nina chuckled. "You need to brush up on your interrogation technique, sir."
			He laughed. "Yeah, small talk was never my specialty."
			She paused for a moment, thinking. "Well, I live on my own - unless you count my cat, Georgie. What about you?"
			"Same here. Just me and my big ol' Max." he smiled warmly. "Are you a local?"
			"Yeah, born and raised here." she nodded. "My parents moved here in late 80s, just before I came along."
			"Ah, the 80s." Naismith chuckled fondly. "I barely remember them. Good music, at least."
			"What about you, sir? You grew up North, I'm guessing?"
			"Yeah, up near Leeds. Moved here in '98."
			"Any reason you moved?" she asked.
			"Eh. I was fed up with things up there, and wanted a change of scenery." he shrugged. "So, you grew up here, then?"
			"Yeah, that's right." she replied. "My little sister Yaz was born early '96. Then, my mum got pregnant again."
			Naismith nodded, before realising. "You mean..."
			"Yeah." she shuddered. "She wasn't one of the ones who died, but she was pretty badly affected. Aneurysm. She's still alive, in a care home. Sometimes, she does little things that tell me she's still in there, somewhere. Our new little brother... he didn't make it."
			"I'm sorry." Naismith shook his head sadly. "Did they ever find out a cause?"
			"No, still nothing. There was a big stink in 2012, some major inquiry or something. Hah... that's where Yaz met..." she trailed off.
			Naismith awkwardly cleared his throat. "So, um... what about the rest of your family?"
			"My dad's a deadbeat. Haven't seen him since I was little - he bailed after Mum became ill. My sister Yaz..." she smiled fondly. "Her and I were always close. Sure, I was always a bossy older sister, but we've always been thick as thieves, you know?"
			Naismith nodded, smiling. Nina smiled back. "So, what about you, sir? Any family?"
			Naismith hesitated. "Well, me and my brother never got along. Our old man was a drinker - a really mean drunk, to boot. My brother would always suck up to him. He and I don't talk anymore - around about the time I joined the police, he joined a gang of racist thugs. Heh, I suppose it's not like the police up there *aren't* a gang of racist thugs. Anyway, it just so happened that I was called out to respond to his gang harrassing folk. That was my first assignment after I'd completed my AFO training, and... he had a shotgun on him. I ordered him to put it down, and he didn't comply."
			"Oh, god." Nina shuddered.
			"He's alive. Double-tap to the gut. And he had a beer-belly even bigger than mine." Naismith grinned. "After that, I decided to move down here. Took the detective course, and here we are."
			Nina smiled. "So, what made you want to be a police officer?"
			"I don't know." he shrugged candidly. "The cliche answer is that I wanted to be a better man than my dad and my brother - but the truth is, it was a job - or at least, that's how it started. I wanted to make a difference, sure, but I learned early on that nothing really changes."
			He chuckled. "Sorry, I'm playing up the cynical detective act again. How about you?"
			She laughed, then paused for thought. "I'm not sure, to be honest. I think I wanted to make a difference too. But yeah, I'm learning that it's not that simple. I thought this placement on Murder Squad would let me learn a lot, but so far, no one wants me on their case. Instead I get sent all the paperwork, while the boys in the squad are busy elsewhere."
			Naismith sighed. "That's probably why you're stuck with me. Assign the newbie to the has-been."
			"I'm not sure about that..." she chuckled. "Besides, this vigilante case - it's been a wild ride."
			"Only downside is, I don't think anything you'll learn from it will apply to any normal cases." Naismith snarked.

			At that, both were startled by a cracking sound in the distance.
			"Gunshots." Naismith snapped into action. He started the car and drove toward the source. Nina put on her bulletproof vest.
			"Control, this is Oscar Charlie 5-2." she said to her radio. "Gunshots heard on Marsh Road. Investigating now."
			"Received, 5-2. Backup ETA is 19 minutes. Proceed with extreme caution, disengage if needed."
			They arrived at the warehouse where the showdown was taking place, and jumped out of the car, pistols drawn.
			"ARMED POLICE!" they both shouted, only to put their guns down in horror.
			The scene that unfolded before them was beyond comprehension. They saw Connor, costumed up and battling a man... no. Not a man. A giant of a man, easily 8 foot tall, and built like an ogre. Every swing of his fists sent shockwaves through the air.
			Connor moved like water, agile and precise. He ducked under a punch, tearing a hole through the wall behind him. His breath was steady, but there was a bestial cunning in his eyes as he calculated his next move.
			Nina stared in horror, as Naismith opened fire on the Giant. The bullets hit his chest, but to no effect.
			The Giant barely flinched. Naismith cursed under his breath and switched tactics, trying to find a weak spot.
			"C-c-control, v-vigilante suspect currently engaged in melee with--with..." Nina stammered into the radio.
			"Repeat, 5-2, what is the situation?"
			"A-a Giant! There's a fuckin' Giant in here!" Nina shrieked back.
			Out of nowhere, a second figure leapt from the shadows - Sparky, clad in his own costume. He landed on the Giant's shoulder, teeth sinking into his flesh with a sickening squelch. The Giant howled in pain, momentarily distracted.
			"Repeat, 5-2. Did you say 'Giant'?" Control asked incredulously.
			Nina ignored it, and shot the Giant. The bullet glanced off, and buried into a wall. The Giant turned, enraged, and launched a crate at her.
			Before it could hit, Connor dived in, taking the impact. He stumbled to his feet, dazed.
			With that, a loud boom filled the warehouse. From above, a figure emerged from the shadows - another soldier, this one dressed in full kevlar and crouching in the rafters like a spider in its web. Ivan. He steadied his rifle, and without hesitation, fired.
			The bullet flew through the air with deadly precision, and with a thwack, it slammed into the giant's chest. It punched through the thick muscle and bone as if they were made of paper, sending the Giant stumbling back with a gargled roar of agony.
			"Khoroshaya devochka, Isabella." he whispered, blowing his rifle a kiss.
			Connor wasted no time. He charged.
			With a savage, calculated strike, he delivered a devastating blow to the Giant's knee, causing the massive creature to topple like a felled tree.
			He didn't stop there. He pressed his advantage, stepping over the fallen giant and delivering a bone-shattering stomp to its head. The force of the impact was enough to make the warehouse floor tremble. The Giant's skull caved in with a sickening crunch, and blood splattered across the cold concrete.
			For a moment, the giant twitched - like a butchered pig in its final moments - but then all went still.
			Connor stood over the massive corpse, his chest heaving with labored breaths, his eyes glowing faintly red in the dim light. He surveyed the room.
			Naismith ran to Nina's side - her face was pale and her hands trembled. Her gun was pointed at Connor.
			"Armed... Armed police... Sto-stop right th-there..." she said, shaking and stuttering. "Y-you do not have to say anything, b-but it may harm your defence if... if..."
			Naismith gently placed his hand on her shoulder.
			"Nina. It's okay. Put down the gun." he whispered comfortingly. She looked at him, and holstered her gun, a single tear of fear running down her cheek.
			"What... What was that?!" he asked, facing Connor.
			Connor took a deep breath.
			"That was their latest attempt at making a living weapon." he said, kicking his boot out to shake off the brains of the Giant. He sauntered over to a desk, where a man in labcoat's body laid. He grabbed a small device from the corpse. Sparky trotted towards him.
			Ivan jumped down. "We got reports that they had deployed such a monster to the city." he said grimly. "If this won't convince you something horrible is brewing, nothing will."
			"What... What are we supposed to do now?" Naismith asked.
			"*We* don't do anything." Connor shook his head. "You call it in, and reveal what you saw here. Then, have this body analysed - I'm sure you'll find some interesting facts about its biology."
			Nina looked at him, shocked. "Sir... Did... Did you know?"
			"No! Nina, I swear... I only knew the Werewolf would be here. He told me he would 'show me the truth' - I didn't think it would be this."
			Nina paused, then nodded silently.
			Connor looked over at Nina. She was... familiar. Then, he saw a brief flash - Yasmin, his ex. He shuddered.
			Nina grabbed her radio, nodded at Naismith, and spoke into it. "Control, this is Oscar Charlie 5-2. Situation under control, unarmed clear to approach. Location is Marsh Road, unit 7-8-24/D. One body - abnormal. Assailant has fled the scene. Request immediate deployment of forensic investigators."
			"Received, 5-2. FI's en route, ETA 24 minutes." the radio replied.

		Killing the Giant
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Good work tonight, bratan." Ivan smiled proudly at his comrade. "That *gigantskiy urod* was a tough bastard."
			"What the fuck was it?" Connor tilted his head.
			"'Project Jotunn.'" Ivan began clinically.
			"Seriously?" Connor grinned. "Do these psychos have a contractual obligation to pick the most melodramatic names?"
			Ivan chuckled. "Don't get me started. Fenrir, Progeny, Crusader... Anyway, no prizes for guessing what Jotunn is all about. Slight problem - that freak was a prototype. No doubt Paladin will have taken note of its weaknesses and started work on the next batch."
			"Great. So aside from the mutant spooks, cyber-knights, and psychic assassins... we now have fuckin' giants in the mix."
			"Giants that they're going to make stronger next time... I'll go back to my people, see what I can find."
			Connor turned down to Sparky, who was chewing a bone happily.
			"Did you ever see anything like that? You know, when you were still in captivity?"
			He thought for a moment. "No, I don't think so. But that funny word - Jotunn - it rings a bell. I think the Commandant said it one time."
			Connor stroked his ears. "Thanks, buddy. Anyway, we'd better head out."
			He morphed his costume back up, and opened the safehouse window, preparing to climb out.
			"Normal people use doors, tovarishch." Ivan snarked. "You don't wanna take the night off after that?"
			"Just because we killed a giant doesn't mean your garden-variety scum aren't out tonight." Connor shrugged. "Besides, beating up Patriots is good for the soul."
			Ivan smiled warmly, bowing his head. "Good hunting then, moy tovarishchi. Do svidaniya."
			"Poka poka." Connor nodded back. Ivan cringed at the abuse of his mother tongue, then chuckled as they left.

			"Please, don't hurt me!" the young woman cried out, silenced by a strike to the gut by a Patriot goon.
			"Shut up!" he snapped, striking again. "Give me your fucking money, freak!"
			"I don't have anything, I..." she spat, catching her breath.
			He rose his fist again, but before he could strike, the hairs on the back of his neck stood to attention.
			He turned around, and went pale as a sheet.
			Connor stood, his eyes aflame. He walked towards the assailant, clenching his fists and rolling his shoulders.
			"P-please, I--I'll go, I'll go!" he begged.
			Connor's hand shot out, grabbing the thug by the throat. He raised him up, his feet dangling above the ground.
			"*Did you stop, when _she_ begged?*" Connor accused.
			"I'm sorry! I'm fuckin' sorry!" he screamed though choking breaths.
			"Let him go, please!" she cut in.
			Connor turned, surprised. Then he looked back at his quarry.
			"If I see you again... I won't be so merciful." he snarled. He moved like a bullet, leaping into the air and sailing backwards. He morphed a rope-like chord from his hands, and wrapped one end to a street light - and the other around his captive's feet.
			Then, he dropped.
			As the rope went taut, the thug yelped in pain and fear. He swung from side to side, hanging like a sleeping bat.
			"Now... you can stay there, and think about what you've done." Connor chuckled, perched atop the light.
			"Please, let me down!" he begged.
			Connor jumped down to the ground, grinning. "Oh, I would... but if I cut that rope, you'll hit your head on the pavement. No, you'd be better off waiting for the cops to get you down. You, uh... you don't have any outstanding warrants, do you?"
			"Please! I've learned my lesson, I swear!"
			"Save it." he snapped, sending a punch upside the man's head. He stopped flailing and his face went vacant.
			"Oh my god..." the girl whispered in awe. "Th-thank you. You saved me."
			"Are you alright?" he asked softly, his eyes dimming.
			She looked up, eyes wide. "Y-yeah, I'm good, now."
			Connor smiled under his mask. "It's not safe out here. I can walk you home, if you like?"
			She paused. "I, uh... I can't go home."
			Connor tilted his head. She sighed, leaning against the alley walls.
			"I'm a freak." she began, choking back tears.
			"I regrew a hand once." Connor cut in. "Like a lizard. Also, I inhaled a whole tank of Chlorine and once got shot in the face with a shotgun, and all it did was piss me off. Earlier tonight, I tangled with a fascist ogre. My point is... I'm the last man on Earth who can sit in judgement. You can talk to me."
			The girl looked at him, and tilted her head. "I... My parents kicked me out, a couple of nights ago. They're angry because... Because I want to be a girl."
			Connor nodded gently. "What's your name? Your real name, I mean."
			"I..." she began, saddened. "My parents called me--"
			"No, not that one. Your *real* name."
			She smiled softly, encouraged. "I call myself Shannon."
			Connor bowed his head. "Pleased to meet you, Shannon. And can I say, that name is awesome. Great choice. Of course, as you can tell from the accent, I'm biased."
			She chuckled. "I won't ask your name... Kind of defeats the whole point of wearing a mask, eh?"
			Connor snickered. "How old are you?"
			"18."
			"Still in school?"
			"College, yeah. Haven't been in a few days, of course..."
			"And where are you sleeping?"
			"I... haven't really been sleeping." she admitted sheepishly.
			Connor smiled softly. "What do you study in college?"
			"Computing." she said, perking up somewhat. "I'm a bit of a tech nerd."
			"So..." Connor began. "Sounds to me what you need is your own place to stay, and a steady wage. Is that right?"
			She nodded, confused.
			"I know a guy - Tommy Crane. Boss of the Redbridge Syndicate. And I happen to know that Riverside Repairs - which Tommy owns - is looking for a new techie. I'll talk to him - get you a job. We'll cover hotel expenses until you can get your own place, too."
			"I... you'd do that for me?" Shannon asked, shocked.
			"Sure." he nodded.
			"But... why?"
			"Because it's something you need, and I can help." he shrugged. "Go to the Singing Horse. Say 'the Werewolf' sent you - I'll call ahead. You can stay there tonight - we'll sort the rest out tomorrow."
			"Thank you..." Shannon smiled, tears in her eyes.
			"No, thank you." he nodded.
			"What for?"
			"For the easy win. This was much easier than the ogre." he laughed.
			Shannon laughed too - a hearty, happy laugh. From the sound of it, the first one in a while. Connor smiled warmly.
			"Go to the Singing Horse. I'll follow you on the rooftops - make sure no more goons try and jump you."
			She nodded, as he scaled a wall upwards. As he followed her, he called up Tommy.
			"Connor!" Tommy answered, smiling. "What can I do for my favourite Werewolf?"
			"There's a girl who'll be turning up to the club tonight - Shannon. She's been kicked out by her parents. I've told her we can get her a place to stay tonight. She's also pretty tech-savvy - so maybe we could sort something out for her at the repair shop?"
			"Sounds right up our alley. I'll tell Pawel to let her in." Tommy replied, beaming with pride."Hey... Good man."
			Connor smiled back. "Thanks. Night, mate."
			He sighed, breathing in the night air. He un-morphed his mask as the rain began to fall.
			He let the water splash over his face, and took a deep breath.

		Connor saves Shannon
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The next day, Connor and Sparky entered the train station.
			"So, where are we going again?" Sparky asked.
			Connor looked around shiftily, before kneeling down. "We're going to Bristol. I wanna get something nice for everybody for Christmas."
			"Why aren't we driving?"
			"Well firstly, parking in Bristol is awful. Second, you've never been on a train before. Maybe you'll like it?" Connor grinned, before rising. The pair walked on.
			A train pulled in. A young woman walked her pushchair to the door. Her boyfriend left the train and walked off without her. She struggled to get the pushchair off. The baby within was crying - not hysterically, but enough to make Connor's ears ring in discomfort.
			He walked over, hoping to help. "Need a hand?" he asked.
			The woman looked up, shocked. "Connor?"
			Connor looked in her eyes, and turned pale. "Yaz..." he whispered. He shook himself, and helped her get the pushchair down.
			The little boy inside carried on crying. Yaz took a deep breath.
			"You, um... you're looking well." she began. She was wearing a puffer jacket. Her hair was longer, now. The bleach-blonde had faded into a brunette colour, and she looked frighteningly thin.
			"Thanks." Connor replied bluntly. He went to leave, as her boyfriend stormed over, and shoved him.
			"Oi! Trying to make a move, are ya?" he snapped.
			Connor tensed, ready to swing - but relented. "Elliot. Maybe I hit your head too hard last time - you seem to have forgotten your manners." he grinned.
			Elliot snarled, and turned to Yaz. "Why are you talking to this wasteman?"
			"Well, he helped me get Jack off the train." she said timidly. Jack carried on crying, but the noise was lesser, now - as if he knew, deep down, that no one was going to help him.
			Elliot looked into Connor's eyes. "Stay away from my family." he snapped.
			Sparky barked, making Elliot yelp in fear.
			"Good boy." Connor grinned, stroking Sparky's head. Elliot left, face reddened.
			Yaz shook her head. "I'm sorry about him..." she began.
			"Don't be. Of all the things he's done to piss me off, that ranks pretty lowly compared to, I don't know, sleeping with my girlfriend?" Connor quipped.
			Yaz looked down, ashamed. "I... I'm sorry for how things ended between us."
			Connor sighed, looking down likewise. A high-pitched wail from Jack went right through Connor and Sparky's eardrums, hitting their enhanced senses especially hard.
			"You need a hand with the wee man?" he asked, trying his hardest to not sound judgemental.
			"Oh, he... sorry, he gets like this. Sometimes he cries and cries, and just won't stop." she replied, lifting him up and trying to soothe him. The crying lessened ever-so-slightly, but didn't stop.
			Connor rubbed his eyes, grounding himself. "Here." he said, handing her a bottle of water from his bag. "Give him this."
			She hesitated, but took the bottle and gave it to him. He began drinking, and started to calm down. By the time he finished sipping, he'd stopped crying entirely, and started to smile softly.
			"Oh my god..." Yaz beamed. "How did you do that?"
			"Eh." Connor shrugged. "When kids cry like that, it makes 'em hyperventilate - which freaks them out, and makes them cry even more. Have them drink something, and they're kinda forced to catch their breath."
			Yaz smiled. "Thanks, Connor. I..." she stopped herself, before she could say "I wish you were his dad."
			"What's wrong?" he asked, tilting his head. He immediately cringed a little - upset that he still cared.
			"Oh, I..." she began. "I wish I knew these things. Truth be told, I'm in over my head... I mean, neither of us know what a mum is supposed to do, right?"
			Connor sighed. "Yeah... I suppose that doesn't help. Look, I've gotta get my train. You, um... Take care of yourself."
			Yaz nodded sadly, and walked away.
			Connor stood still for a moment, deep in thought.
			"Who was that?" Sparky asked.
			"An old friend." he whispered softly.

			That night, Connor and Sparky were at home. Connor was working on a clock while Sparky chewed a bone.
			Sparky trotted over.
			"Do you need any help?" he asked.
			Connor chuckled. "Nah, I'm good. Thanks though, buddy." he replied, stratching Sparky's ears.
			Sparky smiled. "Why do you do that? And why do you have those annoying noises in your ear while you do it?"
			Connor turned, and took off his headphones.
			"Well..." he began. "Before I saved you, I was having trouble with controlling myself. I'd be in a fight, and I'd take it too far. So, I started doing this to practice. I keep the noises in my ear to make me pissed off, and then I force myself to be delicate anyway - otherwise I'll break the clock."
			"So, you're training yourself to ignore your instincts?"
			"A little." Connor nodded. "I'm training myself to avoid hurting people too badly. Instincts are great at keeping us alive. They're not so good at keeping other people alive too." he explained. "I'm also training myself to keep my cool even when I'm overwhelmed."
			Sparky nodded, deep in thought. "That human-pup earlier made the same noise. It really got on my nerves."
			"Me too." Connor shrugged. "Kids - not just human kids - cry in certain ways that affect us adults. We're hard-wired to hear the crying of a child and focus in on it, which is great when the kid's actually in danger."
			"Not so great when it's just crying for no reason, though." Sparky grinned. "It makes sense, though. When I was a pup, I used to cry for my pack all the time after they were taken away from me. The people there got very angry every time I did it."
			Connor smiled sadly. "It's not your fault, buddy." He paused for a moment, put down his tools, and pushed his hand into Sparky's head. Sparky opened his mind, and the two joined their consciousness for a moment.
			Connor saw Sparky's earliest memories. He was being licked clean by his adoptive mother - a brown mutt with slight graying on her jowls. He was playing in a pen with other wolves. He was being tortured by the Commandant and the others.
			Connor pulled back. He gave another sad smile, and stroked Sparky's ears. Sparky pushed his head into Connor's palm, enjoying the moment.
			Trauma. It was something both knew far too well.

			With that, Connor felt his earpiece beeping. He listened in.
			"H-hello?" Adam's voice said nervously over the earpiece.
			"What do you have for me?" another voice asked menacingly.
			"I-um..." Adam began. "I heard that the Werewolf has a friend in the KGB. That's how he's been able to keep finding you guys."
			Connor listened in. "Come on..." he whispered under his breath.
			"Excellent. Alright, here he is." the man said.
			"Zack?" Adam asked.
			Silence.
			"Zack, please, tell me you're alive." Adam begged.
			Connor held his breath. A thud sound, along with a scream, was audible.
			"ZACK?!" Adam yelled.
			"FUCK YOU!" Zack screamed through the pain.
			Connor breathed out in relief. He was still alive.
			"There." the man growled. "Speak soon!"
			Adam sobbed as the phone hung up.
			"Did you get all that?" Ivan asked over the earpiece.
			"Nice work." Connor said. "Did you trace it?"
			"Da. They're in Wickermast. Sending you the coordinates now."
			"On my way." Connor growled. He turned to Sparky, who had morphed his bodysuit up.
			"Looking good." Connor chuckled.
			Sparky grinned. "Are we saving someone?"
			"Yes." Connor nodded. "I could use the backup."
			The two headed out.

		Meeting Yaz/Adam call
		______________________________
		SCENE
			They arrived outside a disused garage. Connor morphed a knife in his hand.
			Sparky sniffed the air. "There's definitely a Super-Agent in there."
			Connor nodded, and kicked in the door.
			As soon as he did, an unbearable noise ripped through his ears.
			He clutched his head in agony. The noise traveled right through his skin and caused his costume to shudder and tear.
			He forced his eyes open, and looked over at Sparky, who was likewise collapsed in pain. He turned his head, and saw several speakers playing the awful cacophony.
			Finally, he saw the Super-Agent standing above, wearing almost comically large earmuffs.
			Without speaking, the Agent drew a hatchet, and began mercilessly hacking at Connor's flesh.
			The pain of the axe felt dull compared to the sheer agony in his skull. Connor tried in vain to rise, but his own muscles shuddered and faltered.
			The Agent delivered a final swing towards Connor's throat, and at last, his body obeyed him.
			He grabbed the axe, and kicked the Agent's legs, causing him to stumble and drop the hatchet.
			Connor struggled to his feet, only to receive a kick right to his head. He landed backwards, and forced himself up the wall.
			Blood poured from every orifice. He puked up green bile, and his costume almost fell apart from the vibrations.
			The Agent went to hit Connor. He didn't even try to dodge or block - instead, he grabbed the Agent's earmuffs and yanked them off.
			In mere moments, the Agent dropped to the ground. He flailed in agony. Connor picked up the axe and brought it down on the Agent's skull, splitting it into pieces and burying the blade in the ground. He put the earmuffs on, and all he could hear was a bloodied ringing. He could barely see. Barely stand. He forced himself over to the speakers, and smashed them to pieces. Once he finished, Sparky rose.
			He pulled the earmuffs off.
			"Sparky! You okay?" he shouted. Even his own voice sounded muffled and distant.
			Sparky barked something, but Connor couldn't even begin to make it out. He approached, and pushed his hand onto Sparky's head.
			"You alright?" he thought.
			"Yeah, fine." Sparky thought back.
			The pair headed into the garage, and saw... an empty chair. Connor kicked it in rage.
			"There's gotta be something in here." he said to himself, searching the room frantically. He saw a rugged laptop, with a chat window open.
			"Agent. Report." the latest message said.
			Connor paused, thinking, before grinning deviously.
			"Target down. Sonic weapon confirmed success." he wrote back.
			"Please confirm - the traitor is dead?!" the message immediately wrote back.
			"Confirmed. Traitor is dead."
			A long pause.
			"Excellent work, Agent. The Cmmdnt will be pleased. Now, exfil ASAP before Dorsey's men show up."
			Connor tilted his head, recognising the name from somewhere.
			"Received. What is the status of my prisoner?"
			"Miss him already, eh? We've just arrived in Bmrsh. Come see him, if you like."
			"Bingo." Connor said aloud. He pulled up a GPS app, and found a link to a safehouse in Blackmarsh. He scrolled through the laptop, finding images of Zack in various states of torture. He grimaced, before reaching out and pushing his hand onto Sparky.
			"We've gotta go. Zack's been taken to Blackmarsh."
			"As long as there aren't any screaming machines there..." Sparky mentally groaned back.

			An hour passed. Naismith and Nina were in the garage with some FIs.
			"This is getting out of hand..." Nina shuddered.
			"Monsters. Bloody monsters." Naismith muttered, shaking his head. He turned to an FI.
			"Sir!" the FI began. "We've taken a look at these speakers. Based on their design and earwitness testimony, they can produce a deafening sonic boom. Unfortunately, the destruction of this body's head makes analysing its ears impossible."
			"And the laptop in the back?" Naismith nodded.
			"We found images of Zack Powell - a reporter for Channel One News - missing for 3 weeks now. Based on the injuries depicted, and the date they were taken, I'd assume Mr. Powell is dead by now. We also found messages indicating a 'traitor' was killed - we assume that's Powell." the FI explained.
			Naismith cocked an eyebrow. "Or this 'Werewolf' has a more complicated history with these freaks than we thought. Anyway, a misper? And he was kidnapped by these freaks... was that known?"
			Nina looked on her phone.
			"Umm... Yes, case number MP11524. Says here his girlfriend said she suspected that he was kidnapped by one of these... things." she began. "Looks like one of the officers on the case thought it was worth looking into, but she was shut down by her superiors."
			"Who was she?" Naismith tilted his head.
			"DC Cheryl Moffat." Nina nodded. She scrolled down, and frowned.
			"It, um... It looks like the Chief took an interest in the case." she whispered. "Initially, Moffat was going to send you the files, but the Chief instructed her to keep schtum. Not long after that, she was reassigned."
			"Fucking Dorsey." Naismith growled. "If there was evidence connecting this... we need those files."
			"Agreed." Nina nodded. "I'll see if I can arrange a meetup with Moffat on the DL."
			Naismith smiled. "Good work."
			"Speaking of the Chief, sir..." the FI began cautiously. "In the messages, there's mention of 'Dorsey's men' showing up. If he's known to these conspirators, that makes him a potential target."
			Naismith looked away. "Sure... Target." he said suspiciously.
			His expression turned dour. "I... I'll inform the girlfriend about this."
			"Do you need me there, sir?" Nina asked.
			"No, no, it's okay... You're still shaken up from the Giant the other night, and... well, let's just say I know how much people can... fall apart when their loved ones die so suddenly." Naismith grimly nodded.
			Nina's expression turned sympathetic. "Sir?"
			"Nothing." Naismith shook himself. "Let me know if you get through to Moffat."
			"Sir." Nina nodded.

			Naismith stood outside a house door. He sighed, braced himself, and rang the doorbell.
			After a few seconds passed, Ella answered the door.
			"Hello?" she said unsurely.
			"Hi, Miss Roberts? DI Naismith." he replied, showing his badge. "May I come in, ma'am?"
			Ella nodded nervously, and let him inside. They walked to her living room.
			"H-has there been a development in the case?" she asked, trembling.
			Naismith nodded grimly. Her eyes widened, then teared up.
			"I'm very sorry, ma'am." Naismith began, himself sounding choked up. "We found a warehousing unit where Zack was being kept. Messages and images recovered from the site have led us to presume him dead. We're conducting urgent inquiries to locate him on the off chance he's alive, but... I'm very sorry for your loss, ma'am."
			Ella clutched her fists, and broke down into tears. Naismith handed her a box of tissues from his jacket.
			With that, another knock at the door.
			"I... I'll get it. Wait here." Ella said, rising. Naismith nodded.
			She opened the door, and saw Connor in costume stood there.
			"I--You--" she stuttered.
			"Hi, Ella." Connor began, his voice louder than usual - still slightly deafened. "I, um... I found Zack."
			"Oh god..." she whispered. Then, Zack - beaten, bloodied, bruised, but not broken - hobbled out from the corner.
			"Hey, baby..." he said, choking the words.
			"Oh my god... Oh my god!" she screamed, embracing him. He collapsed in her arms, and she cradled him to the ground.
			Hearing his voice, Naismith walked into the hallway.
			"I..." he gasped, shocked. Then he saw the Werewolf behind them. "You!"
			"Detective?" Connor tilted his head.
			"I--You two know each other?" Ella turned to face both.
			"How are you involved in this?" Naismith asked.
			"You lot weren't investigating, so Ella came to us." Connor folded his arms. "Which, I should note, isn't a crime - and if you try to arrest her, I'll--"
			"Wasn't gonna." Naismith nodded. "But... Ella, you reached out to the Werewolf?"
			Ella swallowed, and wiped her eyes. "Nothing was being done. I showed the police the documents I'd found. I asked if they'd checked the local CCTV. Everything! And I kept getting the same-old "We are working tirelessly to resolve your case." bullshit! I'm sorry, but what else was I supposed to do?"
			"Wait, hold on..." Naismith rubbed his eyes. "Are you saying that the police knew about Zack's connection to these freaks, and did nothing?"
			"I told them everything. Sent over all of Zack's weird files on them. There was one detective who listened, but she just disappeared halfway through the case. Some new bloke took over and didn't seem to know anything." she explained.
			"The first officer - was she a DC Moffatt?"
			"Yeah, that's the one."
			Naismith turned pale. "I... I can't think of any reason why they wouldn't investigate."
			"I can." Connor replied. He turned to Ella.
			"Thank you..." she whispered. "How did you find him?"
			Connor's mind briefly flashed back to him kicking down a door and effortlessly snapping a Super-Agent's neck, his Rage being fueled by simple frustration at the pain in his ears more than anything else.
			"I'd had a long night." he shrugged. "You'd best get him to a hospital. Naismith - get an officer you trust to keep guard on him. After that, make sure this house has a guard on it 24/7. Anyone comes for him or Ella again, I'll burn the police station to the ground."
			Ella teared up, and hugged him. He awkwardly held his arms out, before gently patting her on the back.
			Naismith hesitated, but gave him a nod of approval. The two men left the house.
			Connor turned to him.
			"One more thing..." he began.
			"Oi, *I'm* the detective, *I* make the Columbo references." Naismith snarked.
			"What the fuck is 'Columbo?'"
			"...Well, at least I can add 'Born after 1987' to your suspect profile." he grinned. "What is it?"
			"There was a laptop - I used it to bluff my way into finding Zack. In it, they mentioned 'Dorsey's men.' Sounded like whoever this Dorsey is, he's in on it."
			Naismith shuddered. "Dorsey's my boss. The Chief Constable."
			Connor's eyes flashed red. "Which fits in neatly with you lot ignoring Zack's case. I hope for your sake he's not involved - because if he is, a lot of shit is about to come your way."
			"Bring it." Naismith sighed. "About time we saw some change around here."

		Telling Ella

	Aliiances
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			It was late August, 2002. The sun was finally setting after a long, warm summer's day.
			Police Constable Henry Naismith - young, fresh-faced, and inquisitive - looked at the scene and grimaced.
			A woman's body, with a chalk outline. Her neck had been snapped and her eyes were wide open. Bile had pooled at the back of her throat.
			The flash of an FI's camera shook him from his stupor. He pulled out his notebook, and began writing.
			"Naismith." his superior, DCI Dorsey, nodded. "Alright, give it to me."
			"Cause of death is the broken neck." he began unsurely.
			"Yeah, no shit." Dorsey grinned. "Come on. You want to make Detective, you've gotta start spotting things deeper than that."
			"Right, sir." Naismith nodded. "Um... trauma to the fingers - the tips have been removed. Judging from the lack of blood spatter, I'd say post mortem."
			"And what does that tell us?"
			"That... she managed to scratch the killer in the struggle, and they removed the fingertips to avoid leaving any DNA behind?"
			"Good." Dorsey nodded. "Anything else?"
			Naismith looked down, deep in thought. "I... can't see anything else, sir."
			"Look at the pock marks." Dorsey grinned. "She was a heroin addict."
			"I... I don't see how that's relevant."
			"Don't you?" Dorsey scoffed. "Clearly, she was selling herself to pay for her habit. Tragic, I know."
			"I'm... I'm not sure that's relevant either, sir." Naismith said, trying to hide his scowl.
			"Right... well then, that's why I'm DCI, and you're PC." Dorsey chuckled. "We'll leave it with Vice."
			Naismith looked away, enraged. He looked down at the dead girl, and faltered.
			In that moment, he felt like he could be sick.
			He wanted justice.

			That night, he absentmindedly twirled his fork in his food.
			"If my cooking is that bad, all you've gotta do is say, babe." a woman grinned.
			"Hm? Oh, sorry love..." he sighed.
			"Hey..." she began softly. "Is it work?"
			He sighed again, looking off into the distance.
			"You know... maybe I should've been a firefighter instead." he mused.
			"What do you mean?" she asked, sitting next to him.
			"I dunno... no one ever looks at a burning house and goes 'it was asking for it,' I guess."
			The woman smiled softly, and pulled his head to her shoulder.
			He took a deep breath, and nuzzled in.

		Old Belson Strangler
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Ugh... dead tonight, eh?" Lydia chuckled.
			Maryam grinned in response, pulling the hem of her faux-fur coat and letting out a chilled breath.
			"Oh, here's one." she pointed. A car pulled up beside the ladies, and the window rolled down.
			"Evening, ladies." the man in the driver's seat began. "Working tonight?"
			"Depends who's asking." Lydia shrugged.
			The man pulled two £50 notes out of his wallet, and showed them.
			Lydia smiled, and walked around to the front seat.
			"Nowhere public, alright?" the man said.
			"Of course. There's a free car park just down the road. No one will be there this time of night."
			"Good." the man said lowly, almost like a growl.

			The car pulled into its space, and the engine switched off.
			"So..." she began, almost exasperated. "How do you want to start?"
			The man chuckled mirthlessly. "You're a bad girl, aren't you?"
			"I can be a bad girl, if you want." she shrugged halfheartedly.
			The man's lip curled, and he reached out, putting his hands on the sides of her neck.
			"Whoa... let's take it slow, baby?" she said, grabbing his hands.
			"Shut up. SHUT UP!" he snapped, as if a switch had been flipped. He gripped onto her neck, and squeezed.
			Lydia struggled against his iron grip, but it wouldn't budge. She frantically clawed out with her hands, cutting him across the face. He roared, and intensified his grip.
			She choked and spat, as things went blurry. She just barely managed to make it to her bag, and - oh thank god. There it was.
			She pulled out the bottle, and sprayed. Right into his eyes.
			The man screamed as the pepper burned at his face, and Lydia used the moment to break free. She fell out of the car, choking and spluttering.
			"HELP!" she screamed hoarsely. "THERE'S A PSYCHO! HE'S GONNA--"
			Before she could finish, she felt something hard knock onto the back of her head. It didn't hurt - not at first. Then she felt it again, and again, and again.
			Before the agony could even register, his hands were back upon her throat, and the world faded to black.

			It was a cold evening in Drackhill. If you were DI Naismith, it was perhaps a little colder.
			He looked on at the sight - a young woman laid sprawled on the ground, her eyes bloodshot and bulging. Her neck sat at a sickening angle, and was badly bruised.
			"She was found an hour ago by a late-night jogger." Nina began. "We're working on finding an ID, but... well, the mayor's push to crack down on sex work means she probably wasn't carrying one."
			"Anything on CCTV?"
			"No, sir." she shook her head. "We've got some images - enough to identify the suspect as male, of average height and build. But he knew to avoid showing his face at all times."
			"Damn..." he muttered. "Poor girl."
			He walked a little closer, getting a better look at the body.
			"Fuck... not again." he whispered.
			"Sir?"
			"Her fingertips." he pointed.
			"She must've got a handful of him." Nina sighed, looking at the carved stumps.
			"That implies our killer knows a thing or two about forensics." Naismith mused.
			"You said 'not again?'" she asked.
			"Thirteen years ago. Very similar case." Naismith sighed. "String of stranglings all over. Never found the killer."
			"You think it's the same guy?"
			He rubbed his temples.
			"I don't believe in coincidences. Not anymore."
			Nina walked over, and sighed.
			"It's... horrible. She must've been so scared." she lamented.
			"There aren't many worse ways to go..." he shook his head in disgust. "We'll get her to the pathologists, see if..."
			"If?"
			"If we can find any semen." he shuddered. "Oh, God... I hate this fucking job."
			"We'll catch the bastard, sir." Nina nodded firmly. "And we'll bring him to justice."
			"Yeah... that we will." Naismith sighed. "Just... how is it I can look at people with their heads caved in by that monster and stay detached, but when it's this..."
			"It's the mundanity, I suppose." Nina shrugged. "When two different breeds of mutant are tearing chunks out of each other, it's easier to feel like a mouse looking up at two cats fighting. This is... more human, I guess."
			Naismith gave her a sad look. "I suppose, as your first normal murder case, it must be hitting you pretty hard too, eh?"
			Nina looked away. "I... I hope I feel this way every time, sir. Just like you."
			Naismith smiled softly. "You're a good cop, Nina. Not a lot of those."
			"I've got a pretty good mentor." she chuckled.
			"Sir!" an FI called over.
			Naismith walked to him.
			"We found this." the FI nodded, passing over a note.
			"WEREWOLF" it began. "LOOK AT WHAT I DID. DO YOU LIKE IT?"
			Naismith shook his head. "Jesus..."

			Atop Rydon Tower, the two Werewolves perched, overlooking their city.
			"Alright, I'll take Southside." Connor began. "You alright on Caldermouth? I've heard there's been some muggings lately, so it'd be good if we could cover both."
			"Sounds fun!" Sparky barked happily. "I like doing this."
			"Feels like a ritual." Connor chuckled. "Two Werewolves climb atop the tower, and plan their nightly hunt."
			"Well, maybe it should be a ritual?" Sparky tilted his head. "If we were normal wolves, we'd bring back our kills that night too. Obviously what we do is a little different - but maybe we should meet back here and report?"
			"That's... that's a really good idea, bud." Connor smiled. "It would make the night feel more... organised, I guess."
			Sparky nodded. "Right, well... I guess it's time to crawl down this tower."
			"Hang on..." Connor motioned, leaning forwards a little. He closed his eyes, then opened them - his super-senses honing in.
			"What are you doing?" Sparky whispered.
			"Trying to watch the wind..." Connor shrugged. "When I was fighting Whiplash last week. I noticed the way she moved - she used her powers to almost walk on the air."
			"But you don't have her powers?" Sparky tilted his head. "It'd be cool if you did, but..."
			"No... but maybe I don't need them." Connor pondered. His suit rippled and morphed, a thick membrane forming around it. The membrane extended outwards, forming an almost wing-like cape from his back.
			"What's that?" Sparky asked, amazed.
			"Hopefully, a glider." Connor mused, rising. "Well... there's only one way to test it."
			Sparky smiled in anticipation, as Connor leaned forward. He stiffened the membrane, letting it catch the updrafts coming from the coast into the city. Finally, he let himself fall.
			At first, it felt like he was about to splat into the pavement below. Mentally, he prepared to quickly morph a psuedo-parachute just in case - but instead, the descent stabilised, and he soared forwards.
			"Holy... HOLY SHIT!" he screamed in excitement. "WOOOO!"
			He turned his head, and saw Sparky sailing in the air behind him. He grinned wildly, and caught another upwards wind, flying like a bat through the night sky.
			"THIS IS SO COOL!" Sparky howled, his fur being buffeted by the wind.
			Connor laughed giddily, looking down at the city below. His senses were distracted somewhat by the winds, but he could still use them. In mere moments, he'd covered several street blocks.
			He felt his tactile senses tingle, and he looked back up.
			"Oh, shit..." he gasped, bracing for impact.

			The evening was going exactly as planned.
			The glittering of chandeliers lit up the massive, high-rise ballroom. A quartet played near the balcony doors, while a swarm of tuxedos and gowns mingled. In darker corners, high-stakes games of politics and commerce were being played; while an old man in his finest suit tapped his spoon on his champagne glass.
			"If I could have your attention, ladies and gentlemen?" he began. "I'd just like to thank you all for coming this evening. With your continued support, the Rhodes Foundation has continued to promote the development of open markets, lower taxes, less regulation, and more economic freedom."
			"And plenty of subsidised champagne!" one other man cheered.
			The attendees roared with laughter, and raised their glasses.
			"Well, then! To Rhodes! To free markets! And to--OH MY GOD!"
			People craned their necks, and then ducked out of the way, as a hulking black mass smashed through the expensive glass wall. Shards exploded across the marble floor as Connor skidded across the tiles and rolled to a stop, smashing into a table. His membranous glider morphed back into him, as he rose, arching his back and feeling it click.
			Some screamed. Some fainted. Others simply stood, like deer in headlights.
			"Ugh... practice makes perfect, I suppose." he shrugged. "Ooh, food."
			His mask rippled slightly, pulling back to expose his mouth. He grabbed a shrimp canape from a stunned server's tray, and shoved it in. It crunched. He froze.
			Then, he spat it out, and retched.
			"That is fucking grim. How do you people eat that?" he asked, horrified. "Ew..."
			He grabbed a champagne flute and took a hurried sip.
			A second later he spat that out too.
			"Okay... At least now I know I was never missing much."
			At that, Sparky glided in, landing gracefully.
			"That's how you're supposed to land." he grinned cheekily.
			"Shut up." Connor snarked back. "Rich people are fucking weird."
			Sparky trotted over to a nearby table, and began eating pastries.
			"These are nice!" he smiled between mouthfuls.
			"Aha!" Connor grinned. "More of those next time, please?"
			"SECURITY?!" the old man screamed at last.
			"Our cue." Connor chuckled. He rushed to the balcony, and leapt off from it. Stretching out, he rode the winds away.
			"Sorry about the mess!" Sparky barked happily, before likewise gliding away.
			The great and the good looked on in horror.
			"What the hell was that?"
			"What's going on?"
			"Are we being attacked?"
			Their thoughts were interrupted by a weak clapping.
			A very old man in a wheelchair was laughing hysterically.
			"Oh, the entertainment gets better every year!" he cheered.

		First Body Found/Flight of the Werewolves
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The morning sun tried its best to poke through the sky. Instead, it merely turned some of the grey clouds from dark to light. Amy, however, was undeterred. She stood outside a mid-sized unit labeled "Skye Road Pawz" - the local rescue and dog daycare centre. She took a deep breath, and entered.
			"Hiya!" she began. "I'm here about the trial shift? My name's Amy Zhao."
			"Excellent timing." the tired older woman at the front desk nodded, putting on a jacket. "My name's Alison. We've just had a call about an abandoned dog by the creek. I know it's a little manic, but fancy tagging along?"
			"I--Absolutely!" Amy smiled, surprised.

			The poor thing was terrified.
			She barked savagely at any passers by. Thankfully for them, but frigheningly for her, she was secured to a post by a metal chain and an inward-spiked collar that pushed into her neck. Her body was covered in scars, and one ear had been ripped off, along with an eye gouged out. The eyelid was crudely stitched shut.
			Amy and Alison arrived in their van. Alison hopped out with a catchpole, while Amy looked at the dog in sorrow.
			"Poor thing..." she said.
			"I know. Oh god, look at those scars." Alison agreed. "She's been badly treated, no question."
			"There's no way she'll let us approach with the catchpole. It probably reminds her of god-knows-what." Amy noted somberly.
			"Good point. I'll get the tranq gun." Alison began, but Amy raised her hand.
			"Hang on... can I try and calm her down?"
			"Be careful. You're not insured yet." Alison warned, while nodding.
			Amy approached gingerly. The dog roared and screamed almost rabidly, but she was undeterred.
			The dog carried on its terrified roars. Amy responded by going prone, then rolling onto her back. She gently edged up to the poor thing, backing away at each bark intentionally. Slowly, the dog's barks became more subdued. Finally, she cautiously held her hand out, just close enough for a sniff. The old girl sniffed, then backed away towards the pole. Amy crawled over, and unfastened the collar. The dog shook her head, letting her one ear slap across her cheek, before stretching. Amy stroked her back gently.
			Alison approached similarly slowly, letting the girl sniff her. She revealed some treats, which the dog greedily devoured. The pair coaxed her into the van, and Alison hopped into the front. Amy stayed in the back, comforting the dog.
			"You're hired." Alison nodded. Amy tried and failed to subdue her glee.

			Chelsea giggled as the car pulled in. Harry didn't wait before his lips were upon hers.
			"You sure no one will see us?" she asked nervously.
			"Babe, I'm sure." he chuckled, moving down to her neck.
			Her vocal chords flexed as if she was going to make a mild protest, but instead, she clutched his head and pulled it closer. He grinned.
			She reached down, and gripped. "Oh, my god... it's so--"
			"Uh..." he blushed. "That's the handbrake."
			Both giggled gleefully.
			"What do you say we take this to the back seats?" he winked.
			"Oh, and they say chivalry is dead." she laughed, crawling through with him. They'd barely got through the gap before they were upon each other again. The radio continued playing some pop music - specifically, Harry had chosen her favourite.
			He leaned back as she laid down, and pulled off his shirt. She ran her hands over his chest, and before long, it began.
			Chelsea gasped for air, her body shaking. She opened her eyes, and shrieked.
			"Ah! Who's that?!" she pointed, pale as a sheet.
			Harry turned his head, to see a blinding flashlight shining in.
			"Fuck off, you perv!" he snapped.
			"Shit, is it my dad?" Chelsea asked, her breathing quickening.
			Harry quickly pulled up his trousers, and opened the door. The light made the figure holding it look like a shadow.
			"Oi! Who the fuck are you?!" he barked.
			The figure responded by smashing the flashlight around the side of Harry's head.
			As the metal made contact with his temple, he stumbled down to the ground. Pain radiated through his skull, and he fought as hard as he could to remain conscious.
			Chelsea screamed, jumping out of the car and rushing to him.
			"Please, don't hurt us! Just take what you want and go!" she begged.
			"Oh..." the man growled. "I'm afraid those two things are the same."
			He struck her aside the head as hard as he could. She fell down, her eyes rolling backwards.
			At that, Harry rose in a rage. He tackled their assailant, and tried to force him to the ground.
			Before things could go any further, he felt something cold sink into his gut.
			"HOW DARE YOU TOUCH ME! HOW *DARE* YOU!" the man screamed. He stabbed him again. And again. And again.
			Then, a slash ripped Harry's throat open. He fell to the ground, fighting, begging for life.
			As the world slipped away, all he could do was watch, as his murderer wrapped his hands around Chelsea's neck.
			He gurgled in protest, and then... nothing.

			Naismith's car pulled up in front of the scene. He stepped out, and took a deep breath.
			Nina walked up to him, looking like she was trying not to vomit.
			"Sir..." she began.
			"Fuck me..." he sighed.
			"Twice in as many days." she shuddered. "The girl's neck broken in the exact same fashion as before."
			"What do we know about the victims?"
			She pulled out her tablet.
			"Harold Gibson, 18; Chelsea Walker, 17. The car belongs to Gibson. Based on their state of clothing, we assume they were engaging in intimate activity shortly before being killed."
			"They're just kids..." he sighed. "Mucking around, hurting no-one... and some psycho did *this?!*"
			Nina nodded somberly. "We've not yet established a direct connection, but..."
			"Two stranglings in two nights." he began. "I've been in this game too long to believe in coincidence."
			Nina sighed, before something caught her eye.
			"Scratch that." she said, rushing over.
			A note.
			"ONE LAST NIGHT. TWO TONIGHT. HOW MANY DID YOU GET?" it read.
			"If that's not a direct connection..." she shrugged, handing it to him.
			"Jesus..."
			"Sir..." she began. "Maybe we... maybe we should--"
			"Not yet." he shook his head. "Besides, I don't know how we contact him. It's not like I've got a searchlight with his logo on it."
			Nina chuckled slightly, treating the joke like a drowning person treats a gasp of fresh air.

		Daycare/Hookman Homage
		______________________________
		SCENE
			An old car pulled up outside an old block of flats in south Bristol. Trey left the front door, and stretched.
			"Special delivery." he chimed, grinning. A large, bald man approached, followed by a smaller man.
			"About that..." he began, shaking his head. "I'm a little short on money this week, so I appreciate the charity."
			"Mike, don't be an idiot. Just pay him." the smaller man said nervously.
			"Nah." he growled. "I'll take the car, too. You can walk home, right?"
			Trey grinned in anticipation. "Yeah, okay, fine. Keys are in the ignition."
			The big guy chuckled and walked forward. Immediately, a volley of punches and kicks sent him backwards.
			Trey assumed his stance - a well-trained kickboxing one he'd learned years ago. Connor wasn't the only one who could kick arse and take names, after all.
			"Come here you little fucker!" the man roared, charging wildly. Trey ducked low, and swept the man's legs out, sending him tumbling. He twisted to land on his back, and Trey saw his opening. He gripped the man's feet, pulled them apart, and delivered a kick right in between the man's legs. His screams were at least a few octaves higher, and a cringe-inducing *pop* noise emanated from under Trey's boot. He squirmed slightly, clutching his own groin in empathy.
			As the man writhed in agony, Trey took his wallet, and grabbed the notes.
			"£200 for product. £100 for delivery. And... I'll take another £50 for the inconvenience."
			The smaller man approached nervously. "Here's another £50 as an apology, and to ensure future shipments continue. Don't mind Mike - he's out of a job."
			"Well, he has a lucrative career ahead of him as an opera singer." Trey laughed, re-entering the car, before driving back home.

			In the bowels of Morland Genetics, the Autopsy Suite's lights shone eerily. In the centre, a table with the Giant's headless corpse strewn over it. A man wearing white scrubs and a surgical mask approached, along with Chloe, who was dressed the same.
			"Okay, so, I'm guessing you've never done an autopsy before?" the man began, taking out his tools.
			"Uh, no... this is my first." said Chloe, uncomfortable.
			"Well, not to make light of it, but they're not normally this big." the man chuckled. Above the mask, Chloe's eyes creased - she was smirking. Satisfied he'd relaxed her a little, the man pulled out a circular saw.
			"So, I'll use this to open up his chest cavity, and then we'll use the spreader to open up the ribcage. From there, we can begin extracting his internal organs, and take a look at them."
			"Mm-hm." Chloe responded, trembling at the thought.
			The man smiled, and began to use the saw. Despite the size and high quality, the saw took much, much longer than usual to cut through.
			"Hmph... Get... In... There!" the man said, finally cutting in. "Whew, okay, so, initial findings?" he looked up at Chloe.
			"Well..." Chloe said, clicking her pen to begin writing on her notepad, "His skin and muscles are clearly much tougher than normal humans. The fact that the saw is struggling to cut through his chest means his tissue density is far beyond normal levels. It's like trying to slice through a reinforced steel plate with a butter knife. The muscle fibres are denser, almost like they've been artificially toughened."
			"Very good." the man nodded. "External injuries?"
			"You mean aside from the mulch pile where his head should be?" Chloe asked, making the man chuckle. "I can see a bullet wound... there." she pointed to a hole in the chest. "According to officer statements, this was caused by a high-caliber bullet fired by a sniper rifle. Police ballistic analysis reported that the bullet had a carbon plating on the tip, which made it much sharper - so the assailants knew that this man needed a lot to take down."
			"Any other, non-fatal injuries?" the man asked, waiting to see Chloe's reaction.
			"Hmm... there!" she said, pointing to his leg and abdomen. "Small wounds, likely caused by the officer's attempts to shoot him. The bullets made an impact, causing friction burns and bruising, but did not pierce the skin. And... teeth marks on the shoulder, consistent with the description of the 'Werewolves' present. But what stands out to me is the depth of those marks. They're not just punctures; they're almost like the bite force was so extreme that it crushed through the muscle fibres and into the bone. How could something bite harder than our saws? Anyway..." she banished the thought.
			"Very good!" the man said, satisfied. "Okay, let's open him up. Spreader?"
			Chloe handed him the tool, and the man began to spread the ribcage open. He strained under the pressure of using the tool, not expecting it to be so difficult. Eventually, the giant's chest opened with a sickening crunch.
			"Right, now, before I start cutting about willy-nilly, any thoughts about his chest cavity?" the man asked. Chloe leant over to look inside, and gasped audibly.
			"That's... two hearts? Three lungs? And... Four kidneys?! No... those two aren't kidneys. They're adrenal glands, swollen beyond belief." she said, shocked.
			"Wait, adrenal glands? Hang on... You're right." the man tilted his head. "Whatever this thing is, it's had a lot of work done."
			Chloe shuddered, writing down this news. The man began extracting the giant's organs, one-by-one, and placing them in jars for later study. He also cut open the giant's leg, and took a sample of muscle tissue and bone marrow. Once finished, he closed the man back up, and breathed a sigh of relief.
			"Final thoughts?" he asked.
			"You'd think the extra organs would be the biggest one..." Chloe said unsurely. "But I think those adrenal glands could be just as important. The only reason they'd be that big on purpose would be if they're creating more than just adrenaline."
			She thought deeply.
			The man smiled, impressed. "Bet you didn't think your uni placement would be like this, eh?"
			Chloe chuckled. "I'm just glad the Christmas holidays are coming up."
			The man laughed. "Okay, we're all done. Let's get him sealed back up, and you have the joy of dissecting those glands."
			"Yay." Chloe cheered sarcastically, and they hauled the Giant into the freezer. Even with lifting aids and several organs removed, he was incredibly heavy.
			The two breathed out in relief, and left the autopsy room.

		Autopsying the Giant/Bristol
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was dark, now. The city's typical rains had returned, and splashes filled the ears of its residents.
			DI Naismith, however, appreciated it. As he came out of his car, he looked up, letting the water fall onto his face. He sighed deeply, and walked into the forensic tent with Nina.
			Both went pale upon seeing the corpse. A young man, no older than 20 - his head slumped the same as before.
			"Thrice now..." Nina finally whispered.
			"Did you get the FI report this afternoon?" Naismith asked, feigning stoicism.
			She shook her head.
			He sighed. "No trace of semen. Couldn't get anything useful in the saliva swabs, either."
			"That means he just wanted to kill her." Nina shuddered.
			"Same MO here - broken neck." Naismith sighed. "The victim being male is a change, though."
			"We've managed to get an ID, sir." Nina began. "Caleb Price. He's been arrested a few times for minor offenses - drug posession, prostitution, nothing more than that."
			"Three different attacks... Each involving a strangling... my guess, the killer has some pathological obsession with sex."
			"Jesus..." Nina shuddered. An FI approached holding something.
			"Another note." he said somberly. "Same handwriting, same... everything."
			"WEREWOLF. I HOPE YOU LIKED LAST NIGHT. DO YOU LIKE TONIGHT? I'LL DO BETTER TOMORROW." it read.
			"He's going to strike again. Good god..." Nina trembled. "How are we supposed to catch him? He knows exactly how to avoid CCTV, and it's not like we can patrol the whole city at night..."
			"No..." Naismith sighed, looking up. There, he saw a flash of red from a rooftop above.
			"...but *he* can..."

			Naismith made his way up a dirty, disused service hatch. At one point he feared it would collapse, but he soldiered upwards. There, he saw the Werewolf.
			"Evening." he snarked.
			"Detective. How long ago?" Connor asked clinically.
			"By our estimates, 45 minutes, give or take." Naismith shrugged.
			"Damn it..." Connor sighed. "If I'd been here sooner..."
			"Well... maybe you can still help." Naismith hesitated. "Lord knows I hate this, but we're getting fuck all from the chief on this. We're purely reactive... maybe you keep a lookout, we find this guy."
			"Good." Connor growled.
			He handed him the note.
			"What the fuck..." Connor muttered.
			"Seems you've got a fan." Naismith shrugged.
			Connor shot him a death glare. Naismith raised his hands halfheartedly, and he relaxed.
			"What's his rough area of operations?"
			"South Belson." Naismith nodded. "But he might try to mix it up a little now."
			"Then I'll cover the city. But first... a little investigation of my own."
			"What do you mean?" Naismith asked, before shaking his head. "Actually, best I don't know."
			Connor nodded, and morphed up his glider. Naismith watched in awe as he took off - and then tried not to laugh as he crashed into a wall.
			"Still getting the hang of it!" Connor barked, sticking to the wall and climbing. Naismith cleared his throat, and headed back down.

			"That's how it's done!" Vitale grinned, having won a game of snooker against another sharp-dressed mobster.
			"Nice work, Louie, nice work." he nodded. "You know, you're not half bad as a club owner."
			"Maybe I should call quits on the whole mob boss thing, you know? Go legit." he shrugged. Then, both men burst out laughing.
			"Have a good night, mate." the other waved as he left. Vitale sat down, and breathed out, smiling softly.
			Connor stepped forward from the shadows.
			"Nice game." he chuckled.
			"JESUS CHRIST, LUPO, YOU SHOULD WEAR A *FUCKIN'* BELL!" he roared, jumping up.
			"Next time, I'll just say 'Boo!'" he snarked.
			"How long have you been there?"
			"Long enough to keep score." Connor shrugged. "To be fair, you're actually quite good."
			"What do you want?" Vitale caught his breath, pouring himself a drink.
			"Information." Connor began, stepping into the light. "What do you know about the stranglings?"
			"Oh, that business..." Vitale grimaced. "It's not one of my boys, I'll tell you that. If it were, he'd be hanging from a tree by his guts."
			"Good." Connor nodded, reassured somewhat. "Any idea who it might be?"
			"Maybe... what's in it for me?" Vitale grinned.
			Connor's eyes flashed red. Vitale raised his hands.
			"Joking, Lupo. God." he chuckled. "Alright, I asked around. The first girl - her name was Lydia. Her mate, Maryam, was the last person who saw her alive. She got in the car with a john, and next thing you know, the cops are standing over her body."
			"Did she get a look at his face?"
			"Yeah, a good one. Ginger, clean shaven - small scar on his chin. Older side - mid-to-late fifties. She weren't sure on his eye colour, but she reckons it weren't blue."
			"Anything else?"
			"She don't speak enough English to identify a region, but he had a strong accent. Definitely not local." Vitale shrugged. "And he had big ears, apparently."
			Connor nodded. "Alright, that helps. Tell all your girls to stay inside. No outcalls, no street work."
			"Already done." Vitale smiled. "I'm not a total cunt, you know."
			"I know. That's why your organs are still internal." Connor grinned. "The Syndicate already worked through brothels only, so we've not been hit... but the Patriots don't give a fuck."
			"It's probably one of them." Vitale scowled. "Though, I don't suppose they'll be as forthcoming as me..."
			Connor chuckled. "You're a decent stool pigeon, Vitale."
			"And you're fucking terrifying." Vitale snarked back. "Arrivederci, Lupo. Buona caccia."

		Body Found/The Stool Pigeon
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Morning had come and gone. The sun was preparing to set, and Naismith and Nina walked to their unmarked car, having checked out their firearms.
			"Alright..." he began. "We got a rough description from our... let's call him our informant."
			"There are worse words." Nina chuckled. Naismith grinned.
			"The suspect is ginger, middle aged, clean shaven, and a scar on his chin."
			"Sir..." Nina began, unsure. "I know this breaks a lot of protocols, but..."
			"It's too risky." Naismith shook his head.
			"I know the risks, sir. I'm willing." she replied firmly.
			"Nina..." he sighed. "You don't have to do that."
			"Yes, I do." she nodded. "The city streets aren't safe for women to walk down anymore. It's my job to put myself at risk for the public, isn't it?"
			Naismith looked away. "You're sure about this?"
			"Dead certain, sir."
			He sighed. "All right. But I'm staying right behind you. The moment we spot the suspect, we're grabbing him."
			"Damn right we are." she nodded. "Let's do this."

			The two Werewolves looked down at the city from their towertop perch.
			"Alright... you ready?" Connor began.
			"I'm ready." Sparky growled lowly.
			"Naismith and Nina are running a honeypot, trying to catch this guy out. I'll shadow them - you keep on patrol, just in case he doesn't show."
			"Got it." Sparky nodded. "Let's find this monster and kill him."
			Connor stood tall, and his suit rippled once more. The membranous wings spread out, and he leaned forward like a gargoyle.
			"You sure you've got this?" Sparky grinned.
			"Hey, I've been practicing." Connor snarked back. He closed his eyes, and fell forward, letting the updrafts carry him through the sky.
			He stopped looking. Instead, he listened. Listened to the city. Listened to the winds. Listened to the heartbeats of every person beneath.
			Everyone he had to protect.
			Not a wolf.
			A sheepdog.

			Nina stood nervously by the alleyway. She was wearing a frilly, low-cut dress, and had dolled herself up for a change. She tried her best to not look like she knew three ways to knock your teeth out.
			"This is Oscar Charlie 5-1." Naismith said over her earpiece. "What's your status?"
			She gently pressed on her ear, and whispered. "5-2. No sign of suspect."
			Her eyes darted, as a car pulled up next to her. "Stand by." she said under her breath, walking over. The window rolled down, and a red-headed man wearing a surgical mask looked over.
			"Are you... working tonight?" he asked.
			"Yes." she nodded curtly. "I--I mean, yeah, baby."
			She cringed slightly, as the man unlocked his door. She opened it, and in an instant, Naismith rushed over with his gun.
			"ARMED POLICE! GET OUT OF THE FUCKIN' CAR, NOW!" he screamed.
			The man ducked down, and hit the accelerator as hard as he could. The car roared off, as Nina fell down, clipped by the door.
			Naismith rushed over, helping her to her feet.
			She looked up, as a winged monster glided past.
			"I'M ON IT!" Connor barked.
			The car was going fast. Very fast. It skidded and swerved along the tarmac, leaving tracks in the road.
			Connor glided as fast as he could, but he could barely keep pace.
			"No hard stops!" Naismith yelled. "We need him alive!"
			Connor scowled, but nodded. He landed on a rooftop and sprinted as fast as he could, before taking off again. He swooped downwards, using his momentum to launch ahead. Then, his suit rippled and shook.
			He morphed a cluster of caltrops, and threw them into the ground ahead with enough force that some stuck in. His glider dissolved, and he morphed honeycomb-like pad on his boots, landing down hard enough to crack the pavement.
			The car ran right into the trap, and skidded out, crashing into a storefront. Mannequins and designer bags pelted it, as it came to a slamming halt.

			Connor walked over, his eyes burning crimson. He grabbed the car door and ripped it off, and dragged the driver out.
			"Oh god, I'm sorry!" the man cried as he slammed him into the road.
			He ripped off the surgical mask, and went pale.
			"Oh, for fuck's sake..." he snarled upon seeing the man's thick beard and blue eyes.
			"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry... my wife, she's---"
			"Shut the fuck up." he barked.
			"Wrong man..." Nina grimaced.
			"Which means he's still out there tonight." Naismith noted grimly.
			"Fuck..." Connor sighed.

			"Mikhaela, please..." a voice pleaded over the phone. "Don't put yourself in danger like this."
			"I don't have a choice." Mikhaela sighed. She stood by the road, wearing a fake fur coat and long boots. "I need the money."
			"And what about little Georgi? How will he cope if his mother - god forbid--"
			"How will he cope if I can't put food on the table?" Mikhaela snapped back. "I'm sorry, Dena, but I--"
			Before she could finish, she spotted a car mount the curb. She dived out of the way, only a second too late.
			The car slammed into her side, knocking her down. She struggled to rise, the world spinning.
			"Mikhaela?! MIKHAELA?!" Dena roared over the phone.
			The killer grinned savagely as he grabbed, and threw her into the back seats.

			Mikhaela's eyes slowly opened, as the ringing in her head began to quiet.
			She looked at her hands, and realised they were bound with duct tape. She looked down, and saw her feet were in a similar predicament.
			Then, her eyes slowly drifted up, and she saw her attacker in the driver's seat.
			First, she tried to break free - but the tape was too strong, and her arms were too tired.
			"F-fuck you..." she whispered, and forced herself to rise. It was agony - pure agony to move.
			She used all her might, all her strength, for one simple act.
			She pushed her hands forward, and grabbed the steering wheel, before turning it as sharply as she could.

			Sparky's blood-red eyes frantically scanned the city, trying his best to find any sign of the killer.
			Instead, his ears caught it.
			*BANG!*
			He turned in his glide, and dived downwards towards the source. He crashed down, looking on at the burning wreckage.
			The car was upside down, and had caught fire. It wouldn't be long until the inferno led to an explosion.
			The killer rushed out, and Sparky snarled, preparing to chase.
			"HELP! PLEASE, SOMEONE HELP ME!" Mikhaela screamed.
			Sparky turned to her, then turned back, then to her again. His mind raced like a bullet.
			In less than a split second, he rushed to the car. He bit the door handle at the back, and ripped it off it's hinges.
			Mikhaela laid on the ceiling, battered and bleeding. Sparky gently grabbed her hands in his mouth, and pulled her out.
			Then, his ears pricked. He knew what was coming.
			He pounced behind her and spread himself wide, shielding her from the blast.

			The crew of paramedics carefully hoisted her into the ambulance. An oxygen mask covered her face - she was wounded, but alive.
			Connor walked over to Sparky, who was sat down before the scene - staring a thousand yards ahead.
			"Hey..." he began softly. "Well done, buddy. You did good tonight."
			"The monster got away." he snarled back.
			"You saved a person's life." Connor countered. "And now we have his car, the police can check the plates, look for prints, test blood deposits... we're gonna get him, I swear."
			Sparky hesitated, but looked over at Mikhaela. He smiled slightly.

		Stinging the Strangler/Sparky saves victim
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Go ahead, Naismith. In your own words." Dorsey began. His voice was shaky with rage.
			"As I said in my report, sir... The Werewolf intervened during our sting. He stopped the car, but we were able to confirm the suspect was not in fact who we were looking for. The Werewolf left shortly after." Naismith explained. He was in a chair across a fancy oak desk, but it felt like he was cuffed to an interrogation suite. "Then, the killer crashed his car, and the Werewolf saved Ms. Marinova's life."
			"And you just... let him leave?! After his actions destroyed a storefront, and put a man in the hospital? DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT KIND OF *SHITSTORM* THIS'LL CAUSE?!"
			"In my defence, sir, he can fly now." Naismith cut back, forcing away a smirk.
			"Are you still working for me, Naismith?" Dorsey asked, in tranquil fury.
			"Yes, sir."
			"THEN YOU MAKE EVERY EFFORT TO ARREST YOUR SUSPECTS!" he exploded. "That man is a dangerous terrorist! I do *NOT* want to hear excuses!"
			"Understood, sir." Naismith nodded. "Is that all?"
			Dorsey scowled. "You're on thin ice, Naismith. One more fuck-up, and you're done."
			"Oh, right." he rolled his eyes. "And what would we count as a fuck-up? Say, if I'd done what you did and assigned this case to Vice?"
			"GET OUT!" Dorsey screamed. Naismith rose, and wanted to spit. Instead, he left.
			Dorsey rubbed his temples, and dialed a number.
			"Good evening, Commandant! I'm so sorry for calling you on short notice."
			"What do you want, Dorsey?" the Commandant replied dismissively.
			"The recent murders in Belson - they're not connected to our friends, are they?"
			The Commandant chuckled, then laughed. "Thank you, Dorsey. I needed that. To think you used to be a detective!"
			Dorsey cleared his throat. "Um... you're welcome, sir."
			The Commandant paused, letting the moment hang - like a cat with a mouse. Finally, he inhaled, audibly grinning.
			"How did you make Chief without us? Oh wait, that's right - you didn't." he chuckled again. "No, it's not ours. Do let me know when you find out who, though - I love a good mystery."
			"Th-thank you, sir. Hail Victory." Dorsey said nervously, and cut off the call. He sighed deeply.

			An hour had passed. Dorsey was sat at a wide table next to Mayor Norris, with a pack of reporters seated before them.
			"Have the police managed to identify a suspect in these killings?" one reporter asked.
			"We have no evidence to suggest they are related at this time. We are treating them as separate incidents." Dorsey said hurriedly.
			"Is it safe for people to walk the streets at night?" another asked.
			"Yes. These attacks were isolated incidents, and we suspect they were connected to the victims' gang affiliations." Dorsey nodded.
			"What gang affiliations?"
			"The victims were primarily prostitutes." Dorsey explained. "We do not believe there is a risk to the general public."
			The clamour of reporter noise was cut off by one voice in particular.
			"Zack Powell, Channel One." he began. "How does that theory explain the murders of Harry Gibson and Chelsea Walker?" His wounds were mostly healed, and he stood with confidence.
			"I--those killings are unrelated to the prostitute murders." Dorsey shook his head.
			"Mayor Norris, your push to crack down on sex workers and petty criminals has led to many vulnerable people being forced to hide away from authorities. Do you accept that this could have made it easier for the killer, or killers, to commit these crimes?"
			"That is absolutely absurd." Norris snapped. "How dare you make such a slanderous accusation!"
			Zack grinned, and turned. "Chief Constable, you said that these incidents are unrelated. Why is it then, that a previous case in which you were SIO has the exact same MO and setup, only to be passed off to Vice? Is this not a sign of a serial killer that you failed to catch before?"
			Attendees gasped at the accusation.
			"I--That is completely--I mean, if a case was reassigned, that would've been done according to proper conduct regulations. But I am not here to comment on decades-old cases that may or may not exist."
			"I never said it was a decade old, sir." Zack smirked.
			Dorsey froze. "No, I--" he stammered.
			"Doesn't the intervention of the Werewolf last night prove that the police force under your leadership is woefully incapable of dealing with this threat?" Zack pressed on. "Why have you not provided the investigating team with the proper resources?"
			"Enough. Get him out." Norris snapped, motioning to an officer.
			"Fine, I'll go. But the truth won't." Zack hissed, walking out. He trodded down the steps of City Hall, and pulled out his phone.
			"Inspector, that was perfect. You should've seen their faces." he grinned.
			"I'll make do with my imagination." Naismith chuckled. "Nice work, Mr. Powell."
			"Hey, it's all thanks to you. Also... pass on my thanks to our mutual friend."

		Dorsey browbeats/Press Conference
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Naismith and Nina hurried to their car, haphazardly throwing on their kevlar vests.
			"Alright, so..." Naismith began, starting the engine. "Mikhaela's testimony lines up with the description we were given. Even better, forensics got a positive ID on the suspect. Fingerprints and DNA from the blood got a match, and the reg check confirmed the name."
			"Who?"
			Naismith handed her a file - a police personnel file.
			"DCI Geoff Rillington, Vice." Naismith spat. "Positive match for his elimination samples. It all fits. His knowledge of forensics is why he amputated the fingers. He has a bit of a thing for arresting sex workers - which fits the victim pattern."
			"Dear god..." Nina shuddered. "A cop?"
			"Yeah. And there's a good chance he knows we're coming. So let's move quick. He's not turned up to work for a few days now - no prizes for guessing why. We get to his house, and we arrest the bastard."
			"Sounds good." Connor nodded, leaning in from the back seats.
			"JESUS, FUCK!" Naismith roared.
			"Fucking hell!" Nina gasped.
			Connor grinned under his mask. "Sorry, force of habit. You know, for a detective, you could really work on your situational awareness."
			"Fuck you. Let's just get this over with." Naismith exhaled.
			"Sir?" Nina tilted her head.
			"It's fine. We could use the backup."

			The car pulled up outside a small house in the north of Belson. Nina and Naismith drew their firearms, while Connor morphed claws from his wrists.
			"According to the armoury report, he's not checked in his service pistol. So we should assume he's armed." Nina whispered.
			"Good. Then we can say we were provoked." Connor snarled. "I'll take point."
			"No arguments here." Naismith chuckled. Connor approached, and looked at the door. His eyes flashed red as he scanned it.
			"What are you doing?" Naismith asked quietly.
			"Checking for traps. I don't fancy chopping off my hand or regrowing my respiratory tract tonight." he snarked. He sighed, as his eyes dimmed. "No one's home."
			"You're sure?"
			"No one's alive in there, anyway. I can't see any heartbeats." he nonchalantly shrugged.
			"Alright. I'll grab the ram." Nina nodded.
			"It's right here." Connor grinned, kicking the door down. Nina let out a subdued chuckle.
			The unlikely trio entered the house, and quickly confirmed no one was home.
			"Oh, christ..." Naismith shuddered, pointing his flashlight at a trophy table.
			Lydia's severed fingertips, a necklace belonging to Chelsea, and a wristwatch belonging to Caleb.
			"They're laid out for us." Connor noted grimly. "It's a taunt."
			"He's got nowhere to run." Naismith nodded. "Car's gone, home's not safe - we'll find the bastard."
			"I've got a bad feeling." Nina sighed. "Like he's planning his endgame."
			Connor stretched, rolling his shoulders. "You work your angle, I'll work mine."
			The officers nodded, and Connor took off into the night.

		Raid
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The mood in the city was grim - well, grimmer than usual. Atop Rydon tower, Connor and Sparky overlooked the city.
			"We need to catch this bastard." he sighed heavily.
			"We will." Sparky nodded. "It just might take some time."
			"I can almost hear him laughing." Connor growled. "Taunting me. Those fucking notes..."
			"Hey..." Sparky began softly. "Why don't you go out tonight? I'll cover the city."
			"I can't. We need to find him." Connor tilted his head.
			"You could go and see that Tommy guy?" Sparky suggested. "I think the police had a good idea last night. I'm sure he can help us come up with another trap."
			Connor sighed. "Yeah... Alright, I'll pop in. But after that, I'm coming back out. Can't let you have all the fun."
			"Yeah, yeah." Sparky grinned. "You just wanna practice gliding, don't you?"
			"I did alright last night!" he protested. "But... yeah, that too."

			Trey walked back to the booth, carrying the drinks for everyone. He had brought a jug full of cocktail, and stacked glasses.
			"Enjoy, ladies." he grinned, passing them out.
			They smiled, and took them, as he sat down.
			"So, Amy - how was work?" Bea asked, smiling warmly.
			"Yeah, good thanks!" she smiled back. "I love it so much."
			"Aww, bless ya." Trey chuckled happily. "Beats serving coffee and doing tattoos, eh?"
			"Eh." she shrugged. "I liked those jobs, but... yeah, working with dogs all day is a dream come true."
			"Plus, it'll help with the veterinary course you wanted to do." Chloe nodded.
			Amy sighed. "I'm still not sure if I'm gonna apply or not."
			"You could do an apprenticeship?" she suggested. "Like my job at Morland."
			"That's a good idea!" Bea nodded.
			Amy leaned back. "I'll think about it."
			At that, Connor arrived at the table.
			"Yo!" Trey cheered, hugging him. "Look who decided to come out after all."
			"Hey, guys!" Connor smiled warmly. "Sorry... been so busy with work. I've just gotta check in with my boss..."
			He noticed the group look saddened, and quickly cleared his throat,
			"...but, that can wait. I'll get the next round?"
			Amy grinned. "Bribery. I like it."
			"Hey, it works on me." Bea shrugged, chuckling.
			Chloe smiled warmly. "It's good to see you again."
			"Hah... yeah, it's good to see you guys too." Connor blushed, sitting down. He poured himself a drink from the pitcher.
			"How come you've been so busy?" asked Bea.
			"Oh, you know..." he shrugged evasively. He sighed. "You guys've heard about the... the murders?"
			"God, who hasn't?" Chloe nodded. "Why is that making you busy?"
			Trey gasped. "Oh my god. It's you! You're the murderer!"
			Connor shot him a death glare, and he cackled with laughter. The others let out subdued chuckles.
			"Not that, obviously." Connor sipped his drink. "No, I've... me and Tommy are looking into it."
			"You are?" Trey tilted his head. "How?"
			"Asking around, mainly. We got a description of the bastard's face from Vitale - we gave that to the cops." he shrugged.
			"Oh, shit." Amy shook her head, before giving him a knowing glance.
			"Wow. That's amazing." Chloe nodded proudly. "We need more people like you."
			"Yeah, I'll say." Bea chimed in. "Did you hear the Werewolf was out last night?"
			"Oh yeah. He got the wrong guy." Connor sighed. "Smashed up a storefront for nothing."
			"At least he's trying." Amy shrugged. "More than can be said of the police."
			Connor sipped his drink, shuffling slightly.

			"Connor!" Tommy began, walking over. "Can I have a word?"
			"Uh, yeah, sure." Connor nodded, rising.
			Then, his ears pricked up. The hairs on the back of his neck stood to attention, and his twin hearts thumped in his chest.
			A car. A car was speeding towards them.
			"Everyone, move." he said firmly.
			"Huh?" they replied.
			"MOVE!" he roared, throwing the table in the air and grabbing. Trey and Amy were caught by his left, while Chloe and Bea by his right. He dived out of the way, just as the car slammed into the space previously occupied by the booth.
			"HOLY FUCK!" Trey gasped, scrambling to his feet.
			The group scurried back, as the driver side door kicked open. Rillington stepped out. He drew his pistol, and fired into the ceiling.
			"EVERYBODY LISTEN UP!" he roared. "DO AS I SAY, OR I'LL SHOOT YOU!"
			Screams filled the air, but people raised their hands in panic. He herded them into the space just ahead from the door.
			"Now, everyone down on your knees. No sudden movements."
			"Everyone, just do as he says." Tommy said, sinking down. "Let's not be stupid here."
			"Clever man. Let's not be stupid!" he barked.
			People complied. Connor tapped his ear thrice, feeling his hidden earpiece buzz each time.
			"You!" the gunman barked, pointing at Bea. "Get everyone's phones. Now."
			"Okay, okay..." she nodded, holding her composure. She stood, and collected the phones. She got to Connor.
			"I, uh... I need--"
			"It's okay." he whispered. "We're gonna be okay. I promise."
			"Is that him?" asked Amy.
			Connor gave a subtle nod.
			"Oh, fuck..."

			Rillington stood behind the crowd, facing the main doors. He pulled out a megaphone, and began to speak.
			"THIS IS A MESSAGE. TO THE *WEREWOLF!*" he roared. "COME HERE IN 20 MINUTES - OR EVERYONE HERE DIES!"
			"Oh god, oh god..." Chloe gasped, pale as a ghost.
			"We'll be okay." Amy whispered, hugging her.
			Trey grabbed Bea's hand, and squeezed. She looked at him, and smiled softly.
			Connor ran his hands through his hair. His heartbeats quickened.
			"Fuck..." he whispered.

		Strangle a Horse
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"YOU!" Rillington barked at Pawel. "BARRICADE THE DOOR!"
			"Okay, okay. I'm doing as you say." Pawel nodded, complying.
			"Hold tight, bratan." Ivan said through Connor's earpiece. "Help is on the way."
			Connor shuffled over to Amy.
			"Don't." she whispered. "Not until you're sure there's no other way."
			Connor's brow furrowed. "I don't care about my secret."
			"You should. We've still got 18 minutes - enough time for your friends to help."
			Connor sighed. He raised his finger to his ear, and leaned into it, as if he was scratching his earlobe.
			"Sparky, if you can hear this - I need a distraction. ASAP." he whispered.
			"Who are you talking to?" Rillington barked, pointing his gun in Connor's face.
			"I--I was praying." he quickly lied.
			Rillington laughed. "Good idea."

			Another five minutes went by, tensely. Armed police arrived, and Rillington barked his threats through his megaphone.
			"Oh, I can't wait 'til he gets here..." he giggled maniacally.
			"Please, let us go." Chloe pleaded. "The Werewolf will be here any minute."
			Rillington turned, scowling. "Do not speak. DO NOT SPEAK!"
			"Chloe..." Connor whispered. "He's unhinged. Just keep your head down."
			"We've got to try something!" she protested.
			Rillington stomped over, and looked at her.
			"Oh... look at that scar." he whispered. "You're a bad girl, aren't you?"
			Chloe's face contorted with rage, as did Bea's.
			"Don't fucking talk to her like that!" she barked.
			"EXCUSE ME?!" he screamed, aiming his gun in her face.
			"Bea!" Chloe gasped, jumping in the way.
			"LET THEM GO!" Connor roared, shoving him.
			"Connor! No!" Trey barked, horrified.
			Rillington raised his gun, and then...
			WHOOSH!
			A black blur zipped behind them. He turned, his eyes moving frantically.
			WHOOSH!
			Another blur, this time in plain view.
			"Oh... Ohhhh... He's here!" Rillington sang.
			With that, the lights cut out. People gasped and scrambled, as he turned his flashlight on.
			"Where are you? Where arrre youuuuu?"
			Two red orbs burned in the darkness. He pointed his flashlight at them.
			The Werewolf stood, clad in armour, a vicious growl emanating from him.
			He looked up at Sparky, who had sprawled into the vents. He nodded, and stepped forward.

			"At last... it is so good to see you!" Rillington grinned.
			"What are you talking about?" Connor snarled.
			"This! Us! Finally, we can get them all!"
			"What?!"
			"Yes! All this time, all this work... leading to this moment!" he chimed. "Oh... it is such an honour, sir."
			"You're not making any sense." Connor scowled, his eyes glowing brighter.
			"Oh, I'm sorry... I got carried away there." he giggled. "You and me! In the same room!"
			He cleared his throat. "Did you get my letters?"
			"Those notes..." Connor growled lowly.
			"Yes! Did you like them? I tried to be like you, but I'm not as strong, I'm afraid."
			Connor tilted his head, lost.
			"I'm a police officer, you know." he mused. "I tried to make a difference, back in 2002, but no matter how many bad girls I throttled, it didn't do anything. But then... you came along. And I realised that's what we needed for our crusade."
			"Our *what?!*"
			"Our crusade? Our mission?" Rillington asked, confused. "You know?"
			"I don't." Connor shook his head firmly. "We don't have a 'mission.' You're a murderer."
			"Yes, we do!" he protested. "You go big, I go small! We've been doing this all week! You take out freaks like that Giant, and I go after the... the *filth,* the *scum,* the *bad boys and girls...*"
			"WE HAVE NOTHING." Connor snapped. "You're a monster who kills innocent people. And now... I'm going to--"
			Before he could finish, Rillington screamed. He *screamed,* wailing like a banshee.
			"NOOO! NO, THIS ISN'T REAL! *YOU'RE WRONG!*"
			Connor stepped back. Under his mask, he cocked an eyebrow.
			"No... no... no no no..." he whispered. "We had... we had a mission, we..."
			He looked up, scowling.
			"You think they're innocent? All those *bad, bad boys and girls?*"
			"Enough talk." Connor snarled. His wrists made a notable *shink!* as blades formed out from them. "You can keep crying when I see you in hell."
			At that, Rillington opened fire. Bullets slammed into Connor's chest, and he tanked them, his eyes aflame.
			A distraction. He grabbed the nearest body - Amy - and held his pistol to her temple.
			"NOBODY MOVE!" he screamed. "NO-ONE MOVES, OR THE BITCH GETS IT!"
			"No!" Connor gasped, freezing solid. "LET HER GO!"
			At that, Naismith and Nina rushed in, their guns trained on him.
			"Ohh... I will never understand how you can defend these *animals!*" he spat. "Look at her! You can tell she's a *bad--*"
			"*LET! HER! GO!*" Connor roared. His voice boomed through the room, ringing in people's ears.
			"Idiot..." Amy snarled. "If you shoot me, there's nothing stopping him from killing you."
			"Maybe I like killing bad girls like you..." he snarled into her ear. "Everyone backs off, or she's dead!"
			He dragged her, placing his back against a wall.
			"I can't do the same trick as before." Sparky whispered from the vents. Connor nodded, and raised his hands, stepping sideways.
			"Let her go. You wanted me, you've got me. Don't do this." he pleaded.
			"Oh... no, I thought I wanted you. But what I want... is JUSTICE!"
			"I can't get a clear shot." Naismith whispered.
			Connor sighed. Then, his earpiece crackled.
			"*I can.*" Ivan growled.
			Connor eyes darted, his mind moving a mile a minute.
			"Alright... it's alright..." he said softly. Then, he put his thumb up.

			Ivan watched through his scope, his black-veined eyes tensing. He took a deep breath, and pulled Isabella's trigger.
			Many people have claimed to be the best shot in the world. Few could make a claim like Ivan.
			The bullet sailed from his makeshift nest atop Rydon Tower. It ripped through the air, smashing through an office window, and then another on the other side. It burned a hole into a balcony cover, and passed through the gaps on a metal ladder. It whizzed past Naismith's ear, lightly grazed Connor's neck, and finally slammed into the pistol's barrel.
			He gasped in shock, looking down at the gun. Amy's ear rang from the blast, but she knew exactly what to do. She leaned her head forward, and slammed it backwards, smearing his nose across his face.
			Connor pounced forward, as she broke free from his grip. He wrapped his hands around the neck, and squeezed.
			"*Do you still feel like a big man?*" he asked. His voice was terrifyingly, unnaturally calm. As if he was screaming so loudly, human ears could not register it.
			He raised him up in the air. Rillington frantically kicked, to no avail.
			"Do you? *Do you?*" Connor repeated, his grip tightening.
			Naismith walked over.
			"Let him down." he said gently.
			"Good one."
			"I'm serious. Let him down." Naismith repeated.
			"I am too." Connor snarled, his eyes a blazing scarlet.
			"You think he doesn't want you to kill him?" Naismith began. "You think cowards like this would rather face trial? No. Don't you dare take the chance to look him in the eye from the people whose loved ones he's stolen. Don't. You. Dare."
			Connor growled like a rabid dog. But then, Amy gently put her hand on his shoulder.
			"He's right. Let him down." she whispered. "I'm okay. I'm not hurt."
			Connor's eyes slowly dimmed, still blazing. He finally released his grip.
			"Gah..." Rillington sputtered. "Coward... you think you're one of them? Admit it... you're more like me. You *enjoy* it."
			"Shut the fuck up." Naismith barked, pistol-whipping him. He slammed him against the wall, and cuffed him.
			"It's alright... he'll face justice for this." Amy said softly.
			Connor hesitated. He turned, and grabbed Naismith's gun. Before anyone could react, he pushed it into Rillington's crossed palms, and fired. His screams filled the air, only to go silent as Connor closed his mouth forcefully.
			"You took with these hands, and I take them in turn." Connor snarled viciously. "You're right. I do enjoy it. I enjoy cleaning up filth like you."
			"Alright, enough." Naismith said half-heartedly. He took his gun, and holstered it.

			Connor looked back at the people in the shadows, his eyes cutting through the dark. People struggled to find their bearings.
			He sighed, and melded into the darkness. He morphed back into clothes, and crept over with catlike tread, just as Sparky set the lights back on.
			"Oh, thank god... it's over." Bea sighed, starting a group hug.
			Connor hesitated, but joined in. When it broke, he embraced his sister. She returned it.
			"I'm sorry... I'm sorry I didn't stop him..." he said, tearing up.
			"It's okay... It's not like I wanted you to get shot." she chuckled, giving him a knowing nod.
			"Still..." he sighed. "I'm your big brother, it's my job to do shit like that."
			"You're 6 months older." she grinned.
			"Still counts."
			Tommy rose. "Alright everyone - go home. Go to your families."
			He looked over at Connor, and smiled.
			"And count your lucky stars this city has a hero."
			The gang began to walk away.
			"Come on, let's go home. I wanna see Sparky." Amy grinned.
			"Oh yeah. Sparky will be at home." Connor said deliberately, pressing his ear.
			"Oh, right!" Sparky barked, sneaking past them.
			"Something in your ear?" Trey asked.
			"Just the gunshots. It's... ringing." Connor quickly covered. He turned back, and looked at the Horse.
			He sighed, but smiled softly.
			One less monster in the city, at least.

		Justice?

	The Belson Strangler
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			It was mid-March, 2002. A young Connor sat in his room, in a house on the Bogside. Other sections of the district were bombed-out ruins - the dreadful Bogside War was beginning, unbeknownst to the little boy. He was drawing on a piece of paper.
			His grandparents, Eamon and Geraldine, came in through the door. Eamon headed straight for his armchair, and began reading a book. Geraldine sighed, and went upstairs.
			"Hello, sweetheart." she began.
			"Granny!" Connor smiled.
			Geraldine hugged him tightly, and sat with him. "Let's see what you've done..."
			She looked at the papers, and saw doodles of cats and dogs playing in a field. She smiled warmly.
			"You're very talented, Connor." she beamed. Connor nodded, and blushed.
			"Was church good?" he asked.
			She nodded, and pulled out a notepad, and a pocket Bible. "As promised." she smiled. "Let's begin."
			Connor put his hands together, before remembering to cross himself.
			"In the name of the father, the son, and the holy spirit. Amen." he said.
			Geraldine smiled, and awaited his recital.
			"Our father, who aren't in heaven.
			Hello be thy name.
			Thy kingdom come,
			thy will be done,
			On Earth as it is in Heaven.
			Give us this daily bread,
			and lead us not into temptation,
			but deliver us from evil,
			Amen."
			Geraldine stifled a chuckle, and gave him an encouraging pat on the shoulder.
			"Repeat after me." she smiled.
			"Our father, who art in heaven,
			Hallowed be thy name.
			Thy kingdom come,
			Thy will be done,
			On Earth as it is in Heaven.
			Give us this day our daily bread,
			And forgive us for our trespasses,
			As we forgive those who trespass against us,
			And lead us not into temptation,
			But deliver us from evil,
			Amen."
			Connor recited with her, and she stoked his hair gently.
			"Well done, darling. You're doing really well."
			She looked at the notepad, and saw "James 5." written. She opened her pocket bible, and recited it.
			"Come now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you. Your riches are corrupted and your garments motheaten. Your gold and silver are cankered, and the rust of them shall be a witness against you and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days. Behold, the hire of the laborers who have reaped your fields, which you kept back by fraud, crieth; and the cries of those who have reaped have entered into the ears of the Lord of Sabaoth. Ye have lived in pleasure on the earth and been wanton. Ye have nourished your hearts, as in a day of slaughter. Ye have condemned and killed the just, and he doth not resist you."
			Connor looked up in awe. "What does that mean, granny?"
			She smiled. "It means we must always be generous, dear. If we hoard all the money in the world, other people will suffer - and God doesn't want that, does he?"
			Connor shook his head. "But God can do anything! Why doesn't he just give everyone everything?"
			Geraldine sighed. "I'm not sure, sweetheart. But I have faith that he has a plan."
			Connor nodded, deep in thought.
			"Why can't I come to church with you and grandad? Why do you have to write the verses and bring them here?"
			She rubbed his hair lovingly. "I'm sorry, dear. If it were up to me, you'd come to church with us. But as long as your grandfather says no, we'll always have this special time together, where I read to you."
			Connor looked up, and smiled. "I love you, granny."
			"I love you too." she replied, hugging him.
			"Also... When can I see Vince again?" Connor asked. "It's always so nice when he comes to see me."
			Geraldine sighed painfully. "Oh, dear... your uncle is a very busy man, you know."
			"Last time he was here, him and grandad were shouting at each other." Connor said sadly. "Do they not like each other?"
			Geraldine looked away. "Look... I'm sure we'll see him soon, okay? Once the Brits take away this awful blockade."
			"What's that mean?"
			"Nothing for you to worry about, dear. Now, let's work on your reading..."
			She put down the pocket bible on a specific page. Connor looked down, and tried to read it.
			"I-In the beginning, God cre... crate... cree-ah..."
			"Created." Geraldine encouraged.
			"Created the ha--no, Heaven and Erith."
			"Earth."
			Connor smiled. "And the Earth was... wit--without form and--and v-void, and d... dark--ness was oo--upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moff... no, 'moved' upon the face of the waters."
			Geraldine looked on, and smiled proudly.

		Geraldine reads bible
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The frost had begun to settle on the ground in the Drackhill Valley - winter had most certainly come.
			Chloe was jogging through a woodland while Sparky ran beside her. She made it to a wooden bench, and stopped there, checking her stopwatch, doing some stretches, and sitting down to catch her breath. Sparky walked up to her, smiling.
			"Hey, buddy!" she said cheerily. "Thanks for coming on this run with me."
			"You're welcome!" Sparky yapped. "I like these woodlands, they smell funny. And I like running with you - you always bring treats."
			Chloe smiled and leant in. "You're such a clever boy, you know that? I can see it in your eyes - there's a real brain behind them. Like, I don't know what you were saying there, but I could tell you were telling me something."
			Sparky tilted his head. "Can you understand me?" he asked, longingly.
			"Hah... I wish I could speak dog." she chuckled. "I don't know what that was, but it sounded like a question."
			He sighed, and whined slightly. "It's okay. I don't need you to understand me to have a good time with you. I get to be a person with Connor - maybe I can just be a dog with you."
			Chloe smiled warmly. "Clever boy. Chatty boy!" she grinned, giving him a treat. He greedily ate it - a bacon-flavoured cheese twist - his favourite.
			"Don't tell your dad." she smirked.
			"Oh, I've told him." Sparky replied cheekily. "He thinks it's really sweet."
			She pulled out her bag, and checked her blood sugar. 3.8. She sipped a sugary drink, zipped up her jacket, and stood.

			Trey arrived at Riverside Repairs for his shift. He stretched, and changed into his overalls, before walking onto the shop floor.
			"Morning, Trey." Tommy waved. "This is Shannon. New hire."
			"Hi!" she smiled warmly. She'd changed since her meeting with the Werewolf - the tips of her hair had been dip-dyed purple, while her previously brown hair was lightened slightly. A little more confident - a little more comfortable.
			"Yo, yo!" he smiled back. "I'm Trey."
			"Shannon's replacing Connor as our resident computer nerd." Tommy smiled. "Right, I've gotta get back to the Horse. See you later!"
			He left, and Trey chuckled.
			"So, want me to show you around?"
			"Actually, Tommy just took me for a looksie." she shook her head.
			"Fair enough." Trey smirked, beginning to work on some damaged parts on a workbench, while she got set up on her laptop.
			"So... Computers?" he asked.
			"Yeah, they're these newfangled gadgets people use sometimes." she smirked.
			"Ooh, banter! I like it." Trey laughed. "What kind of stuff do you do on 'em?"
			"Oh, anything really. Hardware repairs, software development, networking..." she smiled, before catching herself. "Boring shit, basically."
			"Hey, I'm not a luddite. I know my way around the CAN bus, et cetera." he grinned.
			A customer walked in.
			"Hi, I've got a laptop needs fixing." he said.
			"Oh, happy to help, sir." she stood up, smiling. "What's the issue?"
			He tilted his head. "Um... I don't suppose your mate over there could help?"
			"Excuse me?"
			"Fuck off, Ross." Trey snapped.
			The man scoffed, and left.
			Shannon sighed. Trey walked over, and leant against the counter.
			"Ignore him. He comes in here every week because his laptop's got some new virus on it. Then we see his broswer history, and he insists he has no idea where it all came from."
			They shared a chuckle, and Trey got back to work. Another customer came in.
			"Heya." he nodded. "Um, I heard you guys do hardware stuff? My laptop's not charging, is all."
			"Okay, can I see it?"
			"Oh, sure, sorry..."
			She looked at it, and peeked into the charging port.
			"Ah... common obstruction. Give me 20 minutes, and it'll be cleared."
			"Nice! Thank you so much!" he smiled, leaving.
			Trey looked over, smiling. He walked over to her.
			"By the way - loving the hair."
			Shannon self-consciously brushed her hair out of her face. "Hah, really? I thought I should've kept it brown, but my friend Nicola dared me to dye it."
			"Nah, it suits you, girl." he grinned.
			She smiled softly, and continued working.

			Over in Redbridge, Connor effortlessly carried a stack of crates into an empty house, while Amy struggled to bring in two.
			"Fuh... Fuck..." she panted. "Wish I had super-strength."
			"You're doing fine." he said softly. "I appreciate it."
			She looked at him quizzically. "Right, enough of that. You've been a right weirdo ever since the other night. What's wrong?"
			"Can't a man be nice to his sister every so often?" he snarked.
			"Not when the man is you, and the sister is me, no." she quipped back. "What is it?"
			He sighed, placing down the stack.
			"I... I'm having second thoughts."
			"I get it." she smiled softly. "It's a big change, moving out to your own place. But hey, I'll only be a short walk away. We'll still see each other just as much, I promise."
			"It's not that. I... I'm scared you might get hurt if I'm not there."
			"Connor..." she began, placing her hand on his shoulder. "It was a freak coincidence. That psycho wasn't with those mutant pricks, was he?"
			He looked away, bracing his arms together. "You could've died. And I could've stopped the whole thing before it began. If it weren't for this... this stupid secret identity, this *lie,* I--"
			"Hey." she cut in. "You don't have a choice. What do you think would happen if the cops found out who you really were? No... it's better for now that we keep going as we've been going."
			He sighed again. "That psycho outright said I inspired him to start killing again. What if... What if I'm doing more harm than good?"
			"You're not." she cut in, firmly but caringly. "Ask anyone on the street what they think about the Werewolf - they'll call you our very own superhero."
			Connor scoffed, but cracked a smile.
			Amy chuckled, and opened up a crate. She pulled out a photograph of a blonde woman, smiling on a park bench. Next to her was Vince - younger, and grinning giddily.
			"Aw..."
			"Hey, mum." Connor smiled softly.
			Amy gently brushed his shoulder. "She'd be proud."
			"Yours would be, too." Connor nodded.
			She shrugged. "I kinda wish I knew more about her. I mean... I wish I had an uncle like Vince who could tell me all about her."
			Connor hesitated. "You know... working with MI5 and the KGB has some perks... I can look into it, if you like?"
			Amy paused, then smiled. "That... that'd be really nice, actually."
			Connor nodded. "Now come on." he grinned. "Let's get a few more in before your shift starts."

			Chloe finally came to a stop at the Danwich train station. She sat down on the bench, and breathed out. Sparky curled up in the seat next to her, and rested his head on her lap, looking up at her.
			"Hey, buddy..." Chloe smiled, stroking his head. "You're a good boy, aren't you?"
			"I'm told I'm the best." he grinned.
			Chloe chuckled. "Yeah, you know you're a good boy, don't you? Your dad's a lucky man, huh? Getting to do walks like this with you every day. I should look after you more often!"
			"You know..." she began. "I think I'm really starting to like him."
			She looked down at Sparky, who was listening intently. "Since the day we met, I've always thought he was sweet... but, it wasn't until recently that I started to realise just how much I like him."
			She stared off into the distance. "He's always been so good to me. I should just talk to him about it, shouldn't I?"
			"Yes! Yes, tell him! Or I will!" Sparky barked excitedly.
			"Haha, you think I should, huh?" she smirked. "Maybe I will."
			She looked into the mirror, and her gaze fixed on the scar that ran down her cheek. She touched it gently, and sighed.
			"I just... Relationships are hard, buddy." she turned to him. "A long time ago... Long before I met you guys, that is. Only 4 years ago, but still. I had this boyfriend called Francis. He was... well, at first he was actually rather sweet too. And then all of a sudden he wasn't. That's how I got this."
			She pointed to the scar. "He said he did it to make it so 'no other man would choose me.'" she sighed. Sparky licked her cheeks and looked into her eyes.
			"Where is he now? Can we go and hunt him?" he asked menacingly.
			"It's okay, he's not here anymore. I haven't seen him since that happened." Chloe reassured him, recognising his growls for what they were.
			"Anyway, I haven't really dated since then. I guess, once bitten, twice shy, right? I..." she hesitated, before remembering she's talking to an animal which, as far as she was aware, couldn't tell anyone. "I know Connor isn't like that. Connor's a completely different type of person - with Francis it was a front, whereas I can't think of a single lie Connor's ever told me."
			At that, Sparky cringed slightly - he knew how bad Connor felt about lying to her.
			"Ever since then, I've been so insecure. I mean, I had my hair down on our run just now, and it kept getting knocked into my face, but I'd rather that then let the world see my hearing aids. I can't have a normal dinner out, because I get too scared to inject my insulin in front of people. And... Connor doesn't deserve that." she said, a tear running down her cheek. "He deserves someone who isn't... me."
			At that, Sparky raised a paw and pushed it into Chloe's chest.
			"We've both only known Connor for a short while." he began. "But we both know who he is, deep down. And we both know he wouldn't care about any of that. He likes you, Chloe. Don't let anything make you feel otherwise."
			"Heh... I don't know what you said, but I think you're right all the same." Chloe smiled, wiping away her tears. "Okay, I'll talk to him."
			She leant back. After a short while, she got a buzz on her phone. She picked it up - Bea was calling her. She answered.
			"Hey, beauts!" Bea began.
			"Hey hey!" Chloe replied, smiling. "You okay?"
			"Yeah, I'm good - are you free in the next hour?"
			"Yeah, more or less - Connor's moving to a new place today, so he asked me to look after Sparky while he moves. I've just finished a run with him, so we can meet up wherever - as long as it's dog friendly." Chloe answered, smiling at Sparky.
			"Aw, that's great news about Connor! Okay, well I'm meeting Charlie at the student cafe in an hour - I'd love it if you'd come too?" Bea said. At the mention of Charlie's name, Chloe cringed slightly.
			"Yeah, sounds good - I'd like to meet him properly. How is he with dogs?"
			"I'm not sure - but I'm sure he'll love Sparky!" Bea answered. With that, a train crept over the horizon.
			"Cool! I'll see you in a bit." she said, preparing to meet up with Bea - and to learn more about Charlie.

		Jogging in the woods
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Chloe and Sparky approached the cafe. Chloe had changed from her jogging outfit to jeans and a hoodie, and she was walking with Sparky next to her. Sparky was wearing his collar, but he wasn't leashed. As they walked, an older woman sneered at them both.
			"That thing should be on lead and in a muzzle."
			Sparky whimpered slightly, hurt by the words and reminded of his restraints in the lab. Chloe, noticing his discomfort, stroked his head warmly, and they walked on. They arrived at the cafe, greeted by Bea who ran up to them and hugged her.
			"Hey, girl! How was your run?"
			"Haha, heya - yeah, it was good, wasn't it Sparky?" she said, to which Sparky barked affirmatively. With that, they sat down at the table, where Charlie was waiting.
			"Hello, Chloe. It's been a while." he said, holding his hand out for a handshake. Chloe shook his hand curtly.
			"He is not safe. Do not trust him, Chloe. If you only ever hear me say one thing, let it be this." Sparky warned, growling.
			"Oh - is he not friendly?" Charlie asked, looking afraid.
			"Oh, he's friendly - just very vocal, aren't you, boy?" Bea explained.
			"Bea, do not trust him. Get away from him. He smells-no, he *reeks* of bad vibes." Sparky continued, heard only as whines to the human audience. "The moment he saw Chloe, I could hear his blood flow faster - not the way Connor's does, but the way the Super-Agents do when they see us. He was enraged. He stinks of fear and anger. Do not - Bea, I repeat - do NOT trust him."
			He begged whatever gods may exist to grant his friends the ability to hear him - just this once.
			"He might need toilet - come on, Sparky, let's go outside." Chloe said, noticing his unease - and feeling it herself.
			"Yes, that might be for the best." Charlie nodded.
			Sparky stared Charlie down - his eyes bored right into the back of Charlie's, as if trying to telepathically get the message across.
			"I will kill you. You lay a finger on any of my friends, and I will kill you." he thought.
			"Sparky, come on." Chloe said, firmer this time. Sparky huffed one last time, and followed.

			"Well, that could have gone better." Charlie began. Bea looked at him, blushing shyly.
			"Sorry... He is friendly, I don't know what's gotten into him today. He's probably just tired." she explained.
			"Still..." Charlie replied, trying to come off as meekly as possible. "It's a shame he's not been trained, really. Did you say that was Chloe's dog, or her friend's?"
			"Well, it's Connor's dog - he's our friend." Bea replied. At the mention of another male friend, Charlie's pupils constricted, but he relaxed his demeanour before Bea could notice. "I mean, he's very well behaved - Connor has trained him well, especially for a wolfdog."
			"He's a wolfdog?!" Charlie carried on, almost pleased. "That's awful! He belongs in the wild, not in a city. It's a real shame that he's kept here, truly. I'm sorry your friends don't see that."
			Bea gulped. Charlie's appeal to her sense of justice was working - by warping it. Were anyone else to say this, she'd launch into a fiery rant on how Connor adopted Sparky from a terrible situation, and the bond the two of them shared was unquestionable. But coming from Charlie, who had always known her weak spots, the thought of challenging him was anathema.
			"Well, I suppose you're right..." she began shyly. "It is a shame he's not among his own kind. But, well, I can't fault Connor for that, Sparky had a hard life before Connor adopted him. Maybe that's what was wrong - maybe it's your cologne, or your clothes, or just something that reminds him of that." she said, searching desperately for an explanation that didn't include the words "Sparky doesn't like you."
			Charlie slumped into his chair, looking saddened. "Oh... I'm sorry. I didn't realise it was my fault..."
			"Oh no, no it's not!" Bea said, verbally backpedalling. Charlie smirked out of her sight - she took the bait. "It's really not your fault... You're right, Connor should have trained him better." she nodded, not quite believing it - but for the sake of Charlie, she believed that she believed it.
			
			Chloe and Sparky were outside. Chloe was squatted to face Sparky eye-to-eye. She sighed and stroked him.
			"Hey..." she began. "I didn't like him either."
			"He's bad news! Please, you have to believe me." Sparky pleaded.
			"I know, buddy." she whispered, not hearing him, but deep down, understanding he was trying to warn her. "You saved me, Sparky. Do you remember? When I was walking home from work and those bad men attacked me. You and Connor saved me. I will always trust your instincts."
			She stroked his cheek.
			"I won't let anyone hurt our pack." Sparky reaffirmed. "I will protect us."
			Chloe smiled softly. "Look, we'd better go back in. Just... play it cool, okay? Let me ask him some questions, get to know him better - don't worry, I won't fall for his lies. I'll learn how badly Bea has fallen for him, and then we can start thinking of solutions." she explained. Sparky nodded in agreement. Chloe was bemused by just how deeply he understood. Satisfied, they returned.
			
			"Sorry about that!" She said chipperly. "He just needed a poop is all."
			Sparky put on a smile, not wanting to give away his hatred of Charlie any further.
			"Aww, poor buddy." Bea said, smiling and stroking him. Sparky laid down at her feet, and nodded at Chloe, as if to encourage her to begin.
			"So... Charlie." Chloe began. "How have you been since school?"
			"I've been good, thank you Chloe." Charlie answered. His charms just came off as sleaze to her. She supressed her disgust, and smiled.
			"And you're studying here at Drackhill?" she asked.
			"Yeah - I could have gotten into Oxford or Cambridge, but I decided I'd rather get away from the pomp of those schools."
			Chloe stifled a smirk at such a blatant lie.
			"That's so humble of you." Bea smiled. "Chloe and I were much the same - we were even poached by the Oxbridges, but we both decided we'd rather a more local, less toffish school." she went on.
			Charlie smiled, pleased that she fell for it. Chloe bit her tongue.
			"Speaking of, how's everyone else from the Ballihouse Club?" she asked. Charlie's nose twitched slightly - she hit a nerve there.
			"I am trying to look humble to her." he thought, "And here you are, ruining that."
			Bea hesitated, her gaze flickering between Charlie's smooth smile and Chloe's eyes. She knew something was off, but she couldn't quite pinpoint what it was.
			"I can't say I kept in touch." he said curtly. "It was good fun, but the elitism of that club was truly terrible."
			Satisfied that she'd found his weak point, Chloe decided to press on. Charlie may have been a skilled gaslighter, but Chloe was a better deducer.
			"Oh, I agree." she nodded, hiding her satisfaction. "I remember when Bea and I tried to join. If I remember rightly, I was rejected because of my eyes." she said, this time unable to stop the corner of her mouth raising slightly.
			"Oh, and they rejected me for my vitiligo." Bea added. Chloe felt a slight change in the atmosphere - only slight.
			"Yes, well, I would never have turned you both down. It's a shame, really - I was unaware their discrimination went that far." he said, choking back his rage. Bea smiled, believing him.
			"That's good to hear." said Chloe, swallowing her skepticism.
			"Anyway, I was saying to Bea - it's a shame Sparky is living in the city." Charlie began, planning to retake control of the narrative.
			"How do you mean?" Chloe asked, eyebrow raised.
			"Yeah, what do you mean?" Sparky asked, trying not to growl.
			"Well, he's a wolfdog, isn't he?" Charlie explained. "He belongs with his own kind, surely."
			Sparky nuzzled into Bea's leg, and put a paw on Chloe's foot. "I'm with my own kind, thank you very much." he grumbled.
			Chloe hid her anger. He'd found her nerve.
			"He's okay." she countered. "He has a good life with Connor. Honestly, Sparky's such a loveable goofball, I doubt he has the heart for killing his own prey."
			Sparky chuckled to himself. "If only you knew the things I can kill..."
			"Well, he's still a wild animal." Charlie said, trying to press harder on the nerve. "At the least, wouldn't it be prudent to keep him leashed and muzzled?"
			At the word 'muzzle,' Sparky flinched reflexively, before scowling under the table. Chloe tensed.
			"Well, his recall and obediance are second to none. When I walk with Sparky in town, there is speeding traffic and rodents and god-knows-how many distractions for him, but he sticks to my heel and trots at my pace. If I stop in the street without warning, Sparky will come to a halt as well. I'm not going to leash him if he doesn't need it, and I certainly won't muzzle him." she said, before catching herself.
			"Crap," she thought. "I took the bait."
			Charlie smiled deviously. "I see. Well, I'm glad he obeys you so well." he said, satisfied he'd rattled her cage.
			Chloe looked down at Sparky.
			"See why I hate him?" he whispered. Part of her understood.
			She looked up at Bea, who was looking at Charlie and smiling, absolutely smitten, and oblivious to the battle of wits being played. Not willing to let him have the last laugh, Chloe decided to hit him again.
			"So, Charlie... You're studying business, is that right?" she asked.
			"Yes, that's correct. Business and accounting." he replied, correcting her slightly.
			"Oh right - fascinating." she said, feigning interest. "What sort of thing do you study there?"
			"Well, all sorts really - there's a great deal of mathematics involved - nothing too tricky." he bragged, trying to make it sound easy to him.
			"And what else do you study there?" she goaded. "Any sort of psychological studies?"
			"Yes - we study marketing, advertising, etc - how to get people to want what we have."
			Chloe smirked, like she was playing chess, and she'd just Checked him. "So, how to manipulate people, basically." she replied nonchalantly, before sipping her coffee.
			"Chlo..." Bea said, uncomfortable with that remark. Charlie was unable to contain his upset.
			"No, not at all. Marketing is in no way about manipulating people. If it were, I wouldn't study it, because I am not manipulative. There's actually a lot more to it than that. It's not..." he ranted before catching himself.
			"Checkmate." she thought to herself, grinning.
			"It's alright, I'm only kidding." she said aloud.
			Charlie slumped slightly, recognising his loss.
			"Anyway, I'd best be off." Chloe stood. "I've got to pick up some moving-in presents for Connor."
			"Ooh, I forgot he was moving!" Bea said, relieved that the confrontation had ended. "We'll all have to go round there and do a housewarming party."
			Chloe nodded, smiling. "That would be good - I'll arrange something with Connor. Something where we can all meet up." she said, intentionally stressing the group nature of any future activity. She knew what gaslighters did, and she wasn't going to let it happen here.
			With that, she bade them both farewell, and her and Sparky left.

			Once they were both clear of the cafe, Charlie turned to Bea.
			"So... I don't mean to speak out of turn, but that was really rude." he said.
			Bea turned back to face him, shocked. "Really? Why?"
			"Well, it seemed like she was trying to push my buttons, you know?" he answered, trying to turn his loss into a win - and now that Chloe wasn't there to challange his narrative, he prepared to reframe it into an excuse to isolate Bea further.
			"She kept talking about the club, even though I think I clearly said I didn't keep in touch with them. She got very, very defensive just for me voicing my opinion on the dog. And then, she tried to make me out as some kind of manipulator. I just... It's a shame she doesn't like me." he said, pretending to be upset.
			"Oh, no, I'm so sorry... You're right, that is really rude." Bea nodded, conflicted.
			"I don't want to disparage her - I know she's your best friend." he feigned a sigh. "It just hurts me that your best friend can't accept me. And it saddens me that your friend wouldn't accept your boyfriend... I just feel such a close connection to you, is all. When I'm with you, my heart skips a beat. You're all I think about..." he put on all his best charms. Bea melted.
			"I... I'm so glad you feel the same way." she admitted. Charlie grinned, glad his tactics had paid off.
			"I hoped you felt the same... And, well, I want the best for my girlfriend. That includes wanting her to have friends who will accept the person she cares about." he replied.
			Bea nodded, her pupils dilating with infatuation. "You know... I've kind of had a crush on you since we were in school."
			"You have?" Charlie replied, feigning surprise. "I... I can't believe it. I always had a crush on you too!" he lied through his teeth. Bea melted again.
			"I..." she began.
			"Bea..." he whispered. "I think... I think I'm in love with you."
			"Charlie..." she said, softly. "I... I love you too."
			They kissed, and Charlie grinned like a devil.

		Chloe meets Charlie
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Over in Redbridge, Connor and Trey carried boxes into Connor's new house.
			"That's the last one." Connor smiled.
			"Woop woop! Now we have to unpack them..." Trey groaned.
			"It's cool, I'll unpack." Connor began, but Trey cut him off.
			"No, you won't." he chuckled. "You'll leave them in their boxes, saying 'oh I'll unpack them next week' until the world ends."
			Connor laughed. "Okay, fair."
			The pair began unpacking.
			While working on re-assembling Connor's sofa, Trey piped up.
			"Bloody Amy. Leaving the hardest jobs for us, eh?"
			"Well, we can't have her breaking those acrylic nails, can we?" Connor snarked back.
			The two finished putting it together, and sat down on it.
			"I'm proud of you, bro." Trey smiled.
			"Thanks." Connor smiled back. "It was a lot of hard work, but..."
			"Sparky will love that garden." Trey beamed. Connor smiled warmly.
			Connor arose, and began unpacking a box onto a desk. It was full of half-finished antique clocks.
			"What's all that?" Trey asked, confused.
			"I, um..." Connor hesitated. "I've been playing around with these clocks I got from Molnar's."
			"The antique shop in Caldermouth?"
			Connor nodded.
			"Nice." Trey smiled.

			With that, they heard a knock on the door.
			Connor answered, and Sparky jumped up, giving him licks all over his face.
			"Hi Connor! Missed you!" he barked happily.
			"Hah, hey buddy!" Connor smiled. Sparky rushed over and pounced on Trey too.
			Chloe walked in. "Hey! How's it going?" she asked, hugging Connor. Connor smiled and hugged her back.
			"Great! We're almost done unpacking." he replied. "Wanna see the place?"
			"Sure!" Chloe smiled. They entered.
			"Wow!" she said upon seeing the living room. "This room's about as big as your old place!"
			Connor chuckled. "It's making me agoraphobic." he quipped. Chloe grinned.
			"Need a hand unpacking?" she asked.
			"Nah, nearly done. Just this last box, actually..." Connor said, picking up a small cardboard box. He opened it, and unpacked it - he found old electronics, a novelty tie, and a small jewelry box.
			"I am *fascinated* by the way you organise things, bro." Trey laughed. Connor chuckled.
			"It makes sense in my head!" he faux-protested. He opened the box, and revealed a bejeweled necklace, with ash-grey gems. It gittered and sparkled in the light. Next to it sat a small silver coin.
			"It's beautiful." Chloe commented, smiling warmly.
			"Suits you." Trey teased.
			Connor laughed. "The grey brings out my eyes, eh?"
			"Stunning, darling." Trey quipped, wafting his hand and putting on the voice of a camp fashion designer.
			Connor and Chloe laughed. Connor looked at the necklace again.
			"So... where did you get it from?" she asked.
			Connor didn't answer for a moment, before shaking himself out of his stupor. "Sorry?" he asked.
			"Oh, I--I was just wondering where you got it from?" Chloe repeated, shyly.
			"Oh. It, um... It was my gran's." Connor replied absently.
			"How about the coin?" Trey pointed into the box.
			"Oh - 200 Algerian dinar." Connor shrugged. "Souvenir."
			"You've been to Algeria? When?" Trey tilted his head.
			"Oh, uh-never." Connor shook his, quickly finding an excuse. "I, uh, found it on the ground. Polished it up and whacked it in the box."
			Chloe smiled, holding it. "Oh, wow - it's a 50th anniversary special. That's a great find."
			Connor beamed, and pulled out a photograph from the box - of an old woman holding a baby.
			"Is that your grandma?" she asked, cautiously.
			"Yeah. That's her with me." he replied, smiling sadly.
			He looked back at the necklace.
			His vision shifted abruptly to the sight of a car caught in a blazing inferno. Screams and death rattles were audible. A very young Connor crawled towards, before faltering.
			"Connor!" Trey's voice echoed. Connor took a sharp intake of breath.
			"You okay? You spaced out for a second."
			"Yeah, I'm... I'm fine. Sorry, memories." he explained. He put the necklace back in the box.
			"You wanna talk about it?" Chloe asked, smiling sadly.
			"Hm? Nah, I'm... I'm fine." he shook his head. "Anyway... are yous two hungry?"
			"Am I about to have a world-famous Barrett Bacon Sarnie?" Trey grinned.
			"They are good, aren't they?" Chloe giggled.
			Connor smirked, and headed to the kitchen. Chloe and Trey sat down in the living room.

			Sparky followed Connor into the kitchen.
			"Hey bud! How was your run?" he asked, trying not to sound too loud.
			"It was good!" Sparky replied.
			"Good lad." Connor grinned. His look turned conspiratorial, and his voice went to a whisper. "We're out tonight, by the way. Ivan just sent me the location. Super-Agents in Wickermast - should be easy killings."
			Sparky nodded. "By the way... I need to tell you something."
			Connor gestured at Sparky, as if to say "I can't reply much in front of them, but tell me."
			"We met with Bea and that Charlie." Sparky explained. "I don't like him. There is something seriously off about him."
			"Like what?" Connor whispered, almost inaudibly - only Sparky's super-hearing picked it up.
			"The way he talks. He kept trying to make Chloe angry. And Bea seemed different, too. As though he was controlling her."
			Connor nodded. "We'll protect Bea, don't worry."

			Meanwhile, Trey and Chloe struck up a conversation.
			"You had one of those sandwiches before?" Trey asked.
			"Yeah, it was about a month ago. After I got attacked outside my work..." she began, shuddering slightly, before brightening. "I stayed round Connor's and Amy's that night. The morning after, he made me those sandwiches."
			Trey smiled comfortingly. "You stayed round Connor's?" he asked.
			"Oh, uh--yeah, well, I just... After what happened, I felt safer staying with him and Sparky, you know?" she blushed.
			"Nice." Trey smiled. He looked over at the kitchen shiftily, before turning to Chloe. "So, um... you like Connor, yeah?"
			Chloe blushed even harder. "Oh, I mean, yeah, I like him, I mean, we're friends, I..." she stuttered shyly.
			Trey chuckled. "It's alright. But, F.Y.I. - the feeling's mutual." he said coyly.
			"Oh, I..." Chloe stammered, smiling.
			
			Connor entered with the sandwiches.
			"Bone apple teeth!" he chuckled.
			The group laughed.
			"Oh, before we begin..." Trey began.
			"What now..." Connor faux-groaned. Trey laughed.
			"I brought you a moving-in gift. I've left it in the garden."
			The group headed into the garden. The sun had now set. Trey opened the box, to reveal a firepit.
			"Hah, thanks bro!" Connor smiled.
			"Wanna give it a go?" Trey asked.
			"Sure, unless it's too cold?" Connor replied, turning to Chloe.
			"That's what the fire's for, no?" Chloe asked, grinning.
			Connor smiled, and the boys set up the pit quickly. Trey chucked firewood in, before lighting it.
			They took up chairs around the fire. Sparky snuggled up at Connor's feet.
			Chloe pulled out her fingerstick from her bag. She pricked her finger, and then unzipped her hoodie to inject her insulin. She carefully observed the boys reactions - and relaxed when she realised they couldn't care less.
			They began to eat their food.
			"It's a really nice place, by the way." Chloe smiled.
			"Thank you - it was a lot of hard work saving up for this place. But Sparky needed somewhere bigger. That pokey wee flat was too small for me, let alone the two of us."
			"At least you finally have a bed." she chuckled.
			"Hah! Yeah, you've got that right - keep this up, I'll have those three private islands in no time." Connor replied, eliciting smirks.
			"I'm proud of you. You've come really far, even in the short time we've known each other." she said. Connor smiled and blushed.
			"Thank you... that really means a lot to me." he replied. "Anyway - how was your run?"
			"Yeah, it was good!" she smiled, thinking back to her chat with Sparky.
			"Where'd you go?" Trey asked.
			"Wyrmwood." Chloe answered, covering her mouth as she chewed her sandwich, before chuckling. "Is there a reason everywhere in Drackhill sounds like an Elven kingdom?"
			The boys grinned. "You know why it's called Drackhill?" Connor asked.
			Chloe shook her head.
			Connor leant over the fire, preparing to tell the tale.

			"Once upon a time, there was a giant, black mountain here. Inside the mountain, there was a silver city, home to a clan of Trolls. The Trolls were a greedy folk - they'd sneak out from the mountain at night and steal from the villagers nearby. One day, the King of the Trolls got too greedy, and robbed a Dragon's nest. The Dragon was displeased with this insult, and so he said to the Troll King;

			"Thou hast taken what was mine,
			Wretched troll with fire-eyes,
			Midnight shall mark thy doom.
			Stand before me, or,
			Let thy clan be swept away,
			Like leaves in the wolf-wind."
			
			The Troll King was disturbed by this proclamation. He loved his clan, but knew he would die should he face the Dragon. So, he devised a cunning scheme...
			The King approached the chief of the human villagers, and gave them an offer - all the gold and silver in the mountain, and in exchange, the humans would slay the dragon.
			No human was brave enough to accept the offer. Until finally, a young man stood, and agreed.
			That night, the Dragon descended upon the peak of the mountain. The young man stood defiantly. The Dragon was not amused.
			
			"Thing of flesh, I know thee not.
			My quarrel is not thine.
			Leave these lands,
			Or feel fire's bite.
			Thy fate is nought to me,
			Scurrow back to thy folk!"
			
			The man stood firm, and drew his blade. The Dragon could not help but be impressed. The two fought, and the Dragon took to the sky, holding the young man in his hand.
			The young man was brave. He took his blade, and plunged it into the Dragon's throat. A mighty roar shook the foundations of the land.
			Seeing this, the Troll King rejoiced.
			
			"Look, my people, and see man's folly!
			Tricked by promises of wealth and fame.
			Such simple fools, who bask in the light!
			Thralls to the Earthborne, as is proper.
			His death brings riches beyond measure.
			Let our cry ring out - Long Live the Trolls!"
			
			Hearing this, the man was enraged at the Troll's deception. As the Dragon fell to the ground, he turned his blade, steering the Dragon towards the mountain.
			It hit the peak, landing right on the Troll King. The mountain was shattered, leaving the valley underneath. The old mountain was named the Wyrm's Rock, and the new valley was called the Draca Hills."
			
			Finishing the tale, Connor looked up at his friends. Chloe was looking at him, almost dreamily. Trey smiled.
			"Or at least, that's the legend, anyway." he cleared his throat.
			"You missed your calling as a storyteller." Chloe grinned. Connor chuckled.
			"I love that story, man. Except, I always wondered - what was the hero's name?" Trey asked.
			"Traditionally, you call him Wulfric - Wulfric Wyrmsbane. But the story itself supposedly predates the Saxon conquest of the region, so his name would have been more Welsh." Connor explained. "Most tellings of the story have him be revived by the Dragon's blood, and become a monster hunter."
			"I love old folklore like that." Chloe smiled. "You have to wonder, who comes up with that?"
			"Well, it's not so far fetched." Trey began. "This valley has an unusually high amount of silver and gold ore."
			"And fossils." Connor added. "In the Wyrmrock caves, they've found loads of weird fossils. Mostly, they look like animals - but some also look like people. Except... weird. Deformed, even. And also, the fossils were found in the same parts - meaning they're the same age."
			Chloe leant back, surprised. "That's insane. How is that not bigger news?"
			"Well, I saw a documentary on that." Trey replied. "Supposedly, the dino-looking fossils were actually just deformed wildlife, same with the people. They reckon there was some disease that caused these deformities in the valley."
			"I heard about that. Didn't that same doc also prove that there *was* a mountain here that blew up?" Connor asked.
			"It's a weird one. They proved that there was something similar to a volcanic eruption 50,000 years ago in the valley - but, there's absolutely zero volcanic activity here. No fault lines, nothing. One of life's great mysteries." Trey grinned.
			"How do you guys know so much about this?" Chloe asked.
			Connor chuckled. "It's a fun bit of trivia, I guess."
			"I only know it because Connor infodumps when he's stoned." Trey chuckled. The gang laughed.
			Chloe cleared her throat.
			"You cold?" Connor asked her.
			"I'm alright." she smiled, warming her hands by the fire.

			She paused, before continuing.
			"I met up with Bea today. After my run with Sparky." she began.
			"How is she?" Trey asked.
			"She's okay... She was with Charlie." she continued.
			Trey sat up. "The boyfriend?"
			"Yeah. He was... Ugh." she sighed.
			"How so?" Connor asked, head tilted.
			"He kept trying to get under my skin. And he just seemed... I don't know, cunning? Like he was trying to make me look bad." she explained.
			"What was Bea's reaction?" Trey leant forward.
			"She seemed... Like she didn't even realise what was going on." Chloe said sadly.
			"How was Sparky with him?" Connor asked.
			Chloe chuckled slightly. "Funnily enough, Sparky hated him from the get-go."
			Sparky looked up at Connor. "I'm telling you, he's bad news."
			Connor nodded understandingly, both at Chloe and Sparky. "Sparky's got good judgement."
			"What should we do?" asked Trey.
			"I know his type." Connor muttered. "From the sounds of it, he'll want to isolate Bea from us. So, we don't let him. We make sure every single activity we do includes Bea. If she says 'I'm with Charlie', we invite him out too. And we bait him into overplaying his hand."
			"The Winter Faire is on this weekend." Trey piped up. "Let's all go there."
			Connor grinned. "Sounds like a plan."
			Chloe smiled, as fire died down.
			"I'd better head off." she smiled, before looking up at the night sky.
			"You need a lift?" Connor asked.
			"I don't mind getting a taxi. Thank you though!"
			She opened her taxi app, and frowned.
			"No taxis for the next 3 hours." she sighed.
			"Your dad's a taxi driver, right?" Connor asked Trey.
			"Yeah, and a lazy sod by the sounds of it." Trey snarked. The gang laughed.
			Connor chimed in. "Offer's still there." he smiled.
			Chloe hesitated. "You'd do that for me?"
			"Of course!" Connor tilted his head.
			Chloe smiled warmly. "Okay - thank you so much!"
			Trey smiled as the two left. He turned to face Sparky.
			"They need to just kiss and get on with it." he chuckled.
			"I'll say!" Sparky barked.

		Connor moves in/Draca Hill
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Drackhill is famous for being a grim, dour city. Constant rainfall, poverty, and gang warfare will do that.
			Except for this one moment.
			The Drackhill Winter Faire.
			A running joke in the city was that there were cruel gods who controlled the weather. It seemed tonight, they were in a festive mood. The flakes of snow fluttered down into the valley, melting before they could settle. Still, as the gang approached the fairground gates, they grinned at the atmosphere.
			"Alright, so - Bea and Charlie are in there already, getting coffee." Chloe began. "So, we meet up with them, and find something to do?"
			"Ice skating! Let's do ice skating!" Trey cheered.
			"Ah, someone's had sugar today." Connor snarked.
			"Ice skating!" Amy grinned. Sparky howled in agreement.
			"...ice skating it is." Chloe chuckled.

			"Here we go." Bea smiled warmly, placing down their cups on the table.
			"Thanks." Charlie nodded, almost coldly.
			"Hey..." she began, sitting down. "It's gonna be okay. I know you don't like big groups of people, but they're really friendly, I promise."
			Charlie sighed, but nodded, just as the gang arrived.
			"Heyooo!" Trey cheered. Bea rose and gave him a hug.
			"Hey, guys!" she cheered, moving on to hug Chloe, Amy, and Connor - then giving Sparky a stroke behind the ears. Charlie seethed as he watched from the table.
			"Right, introductions." Bea began. "Charlie, these are my friends Amy, Connor, and Trey. Everyone, this is Charlie."
			"Alright, mate?" Amy shrugged.
			"Nice to meet you." Connor said flatly.
			"Yeah, nice to meet you." Trey added.
			"Good evening." Charlie nodded curtly.
			"So..." Chloe began awkwardly. "Anyone want a hot drink?"
			"Sure!" Amy smiled. "I'll come up with you."
			Chloe nodded gratefully, as the boys sat down.
			Connor cleared his throat. "So, Bea says you're a student?" he began.
			"Yes, that's correct. I'm studying Business and Accounting."
			"Ah, nice one." Connor shrugged. "You wanna be an accountant?"
			Charlie nodded. "What do you boys do?"
			"We work in a garage." Trey chuckled. "Fixing random shit, basically."
			"How lovely." Charlie muttered, sipping his drink.
			At that, Amy and Chloe returned with drinks, and took their seats.
			Charlie cleared his throat. "So, Connor - pardon me if this sounds rude, but that's a fascinating accent you have there. Are you Scottish?"
			Connor laughed, as did Trey and Amy. "Sorry... never heard *that* one before."
			"Och, aye, ye're a wee bit Scottish, laddie!" Trey snarked in a frankly terrible accent. Bea giggled, and Charlie had to stop himself from glaring.
			Connor finally cleared his throat. "I'm Irish. Grew up in Derry, then I moved here when I was wee. I guess if you mix English and Ulster, you get Scottish."
			"Don't you mean Londonderry?" Charlie asked, cocking an eyebrow.
			"I do not." Connor said bluntly. "Sorry - bit of a sore subject back home."
			"Ah, I see." Charlie nodded. "It's such a shame, out there. All that fighting over religion..."
			"It's not about that." Connor cut in. "My problem with British occupation has nothing to do with their faith. They could be Catholics, or they could worship Satan himself, and it wouldn't change the fact that they're colonising us."
			"Oh, he didn't mean it like that!" Bea hurriedly added. "It's just sad, all the violence you had to endure, is all."
			Connor gave a slight smile, and sipped at his hot drink.
			"Ugh, I hate this guy." Sparky grumbled at his side. Connor stroked his ears in agreement.
			Amy chimed in, trying to break the tension. "So... anyone for ice skating?"

			"Alright..." Bea began, holding onto Charlie tightly. "It's been a while since I've done this..."
			"It's my first time." he chuckled, bracing her. The two began skating around the rink, slowly getting the hang of it. Across the ice, Connor leaned against the wall, watching. Amy and Chloe stood by his side, while Trey amused himself by spinning around.
			"Twinkle-toed fucker." Connor snarked. "You're pretty good at that."
			"How is it you can do bagua, but ice skating eludes you?" Trey quipped back.
			"If you manage to do bagua in skates, you'll have a point." Connor grinned. He looked over at Bea and Charlie.
			"English bastard." he muttered. "No offence."
			"None taken." Chloe chuckled. "I... I won't lie, that worried me."
			"I know what you mean." Amy sighed. "The Bea I know wouldn't have let that slide, let alone made excuses for it."
			"It's not her fault." Connor shook his head. "Every time she looked at him, he was giving puppy-dog eyes."
			"Like these?" Sparky asked, jumping up from behind the railing.
			Amy giggled, and stroked his head. "If only they had skates in your size, bud."
			Trey chuckled. "Are you guys gonna start skating, or just sit here?"
			"Fair point." Amy shrugged, pushing into the rink. Chloe chuckled, watching.
			"I'll be honest..." she began. "I'm really not confident on this."
			"Me neither." Connor grinned. He looked over the wall, and an idea sprung to mind.
			"What... what are you doing?" she laughed as he hopped over it. He quickly returned with a hockey stick.
			"I'm sure they won't mind." he chuckled, holding it out. "You grab one end, I'll grab the other. We can support each other for balance."
			She smiled, and took it. "On three?"
			"You got it." he smirked. They counted, took off, and... immediately fell.
			"Are you guys okay?" Sparky asked, hopping over the fence. He immediately slipped, spreading out like a starfish.
			"Aww!" Chloe cooed. The pair crawled over to him, and were greeted with a flurry of licks.
			"I'm good! Just wasn't expecting that much slippiness." he quickly added. If wolves could blush, he would be.
			"Okay... hockey stick was a bad idea." Connor grinned.
			Chloe chuckled, then blushed slightly. "Um... maybe if we took each other's arms, it'd be better?"
			Connor awkwardly scratched the back of his head. "Uh--yeah, th-that could work."
			Sparky grinned, watching the two rise. He dug his claws in, and dragged himself out, as they took off.

			As the pair skated shyly, Bea looked on in pride.
			"Aww... Bless them." she smiled warmly.
			Charlie sighed. "I'm sorry if I offended him earlier."
			"Oh no, it's fine!" Bea shook her head. "It's just a sensitive subject for him, he's been through so much."
			"I know... I just must've put my foot in it so badly. After all, you felt the need to cut in and make excuses for me..." he said sadly, looking down.
			"Hey..." she began, stroking his cheek. "You were fine. Please don't feel sad."
			He smiled, and kissed her.
			Trey and Amy skated past, and quickly hid their scowls. Instead, they skidded to a halt nearby, looking on at Connor and Chloe.
			"Lovebirds." Trey grinned.
			"Ugh, straight people." Amy snarked. "If he doesn't make a move soon, I'm gonna try and convert her."
			Trey chuckled. "I've got an idea."
			He hopped over the fence, and quickly returned. Something green was hidden in his fist, and he skated towards the pair.
			"Mistletoeeee!" he chimed, circling them and holding it above their heads. Their cheeks burned bright red.
			As quickly as he'd arrived, he skated away, and the pair awkwardly looked at each other.
			"Hah... he, um..." he stammered.
			Chloe hesitated, but pecked him on the cheek. "There." she grinned. "Now it's not awkward."
			"Hah, yeah... Not awkward at all." he chuckled, as they skated on.
			Trey skidded by Amy, who was grinning giddily.
			"How the fuck did you find mistletoe so quickly?" she asked.
			"I didn't." he laughed, and revealed what was in his hand - a fistful of grass, freshly ripped from the soil.
			"Trey..." she began, cocking an eyebrow. "You're an evil genius."

		Winter Faire - Ice Skating
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The cold wind picked up now, as snowflakes turned to sleet. The city's streets shimmered against the Faire's nights.
			Dave sighed, sitting awkwardly in the driver's seat of a van, parked right outside a betting shop. He absentmindedly played on his phone, then saw a notification on a dating app.
			"Ooh, get in." he said to himself, opening it. He began typing out a message, only to be interrupted by a crashing noise.
			"GO! GO! GO!" Steve roared, bursting out of the shop. He was carrying a pistol in one hand, and a sports bag in the other. He yanked at the door handle, and... nothing.
			"DAVE! UNLOCK THE FUCKING VAN!"
			"Sorry!" Dave said, opening the door. His hands fumbled with the keys as he turned them in the ignition. The van's wheels skidded as it took off.
			"How much did we get?" he asked.
			"Ahh, I don't know... at least a hundred grand." Steve shrugged, unzipping the bag. He started counting.
			"Gonna be a very merry Christmas." Dave grinned. He looked in his mirror, and his blood ran cold.
			"Oh shit, it's the cops!" he gasped.
			"Fuck! Floor it!"
			The van tore through the soaked streets. A young boy was walking with his parents, only for a puddle to be launched at them.
			"HEY! FUCK YOU!" the mother roared. The father rushed to cover his boy's ears.
			Behind them, a police car gently cruised forward. Its driver yawned, rolling past the betting shop.
			"Sierra Five-Five, we've got reports of an armed robbery near your location." his radio began. "Witnesses report a white van leaving the scene."
			The officer looked up, rubbing his eyes. "Five-Five, received. I'll take a look around, but I'd wager this is one for the traffic cams."

			"GO! THEY'LL BE RIGHT ON US!" Steve screamed.
			"I can't see them!" Dave barked back, frantically looking into his mirrors.
			"Then they've probably got a helicopter or something! Just drive!"
			Dave turned sharply around the next corner - and skidded across the road.
			"SHIT!" he gasped, as the van mounted the curb, tipped over, and crushed a wooden fence. It scraped foward a little, hitting into a small hut-like building.
			Both would-be robbers crawled out, disoriented. They heard panicked screams, so Steve aimed his pistol to the sky, and fired. Finally, his eyes cleared enough to get a read on their surroundings.
			"It--it's alright, children..." a heavyset man in a red fur outfit stammered. "Everyone stay calm."
			"You've gotta be shitting me..." Dave muttered.
			"Ho, ho, ho! There's no need for that sort of language, young man!" Santa hissed.
			Steve aimed his gun at Santa's head. He responded by diving in front of the children, shielding them with his admittedly corpulent body.
			Dave frantically scanned the scene. The van had landed right in the entrance of Santa's Grotto. Thankfully, no one had been hit by it - but the mass of horrified parents screamed for their children behind the smoking van.
			"NOBODY MOVES!" Steve roared. "Th-this is a hostage situation!"
			Dave rolled his eyes, and drew his own pistol. "Yeah! We, uh... we're taking you prisoner, Santa!"
			"Ho, ho, ho..." he gulped.

			"Oh my god, gunshots!" Bea gasped. "We need to call the police!"
			"Y-yeah." Chloe stammered, reaching for her phone.
			Connor's mind raced, trying to think of a solution.
			"We need to do something!" Sparky barked, snapping him out of it. He quickly slapped his pockets.
			"Oh fuck, left my phone in the ice rink! I'll go grab it!" he yelled, turning and sprinting off. Sparky ran at his heel.
			"Connor, wait! I have mine here!" Chloe called out, to no avail.
			Amy watched him rush away, trying to hide her smile.
			The two Werewolves weaved through panicked crowds, many running away from the action. He dived into a space between two stalls, and took a deep breath.
			"Let's go." Sparky growled.
			"Not yet." he shook his head. "If we go together, that could blow our secret."
			"We have to do something!" Sparky protested.
			Connor stroked his chin.
			"I'll go in first, try and disarm them." he began. "You take point on the rooftop overlooking the site. If they bolt for it, you help me intercept."
			Sparky huffed slightly. "You always get all the fun!"
			Connor grinned, morphing on his suit. "I'll buy you a beefsteak."
			"Deal."

			"This is the police! We have you surrounded! Come out with your hands behind your head!" an officer barked over a megaphone.
			"No way! Comply with our demands, or people get shot!" Steve roared back.
			"What demands?" Dave whispered.
			"I dunno! A helicopter?" Steve hissed back.
			"Now listen, young men. Can't you see you're scaring the children? Let them go, please." Santa pleaded.
			"Shut up, Santa!" Dave snapped.
			"Oh, come now. Is this about the coal?"
			"I said shut up!"
			"Hey, dickheads!" Connor barked from the rafters. His voice echoed down, as he melted into the shadows.
			"What?! Who's there?!" Steve shuddered, aiming his gun upwards.
			Connor dived down a makeshift chimmney, and burst out from the firepit.
			"Santa's little helper." he grinned, raising his fists. He immediately cringed. "Ugh, sorry... that sounded cooler in my head."
			"Really?" Sparky snarked from above, his yellow eyes keeping watch.
			"HOLY SHITBALLS! IT'S THE FUCKIN' WEREWOLF!" Steve gasped, firing. The bullet smacked into Connor's shoulder. He flexed, and it dropped out, clinking on the ground.
			"Now that wasn't very nice." he growled lowly. "Definite naughty list, eh, big man?"
			"Very naughty indeed." Santa chuckled grimly.
			"Mr. Werewolf!" a young girl called out. "These men are trying to steal Christmas!"
			"Oh, is that true?" Connor played along, clenching his fists. "We can't have that, now, can we?"
			In a second, he pounced, and sent a flurry of hits that made Steve crumple to the ground, wheezing and moaning. He turned, and his hearts quickened.
			"Stay right there, or... or Santa gets it!" Dave barked, pressing the gun into his temple.
			Connor's eyes flared red. "Listen to me." he began, his voice echoing with rage. "The only reason you and your friend are not red paste is because I don't want to traumatise these children. If you pull that trigger, that reason becomes void. *Do I make myself clear to you?*"
			Dave gulped, pale as a sheet. Finally, he relented, dropping his gun. Connor morphed a set of restraints for both men, and kicked a hole into the wall, throwing both out.
			The children rose, clapping wildly.
			"That's right, children! A big round of applause for Mr. Werewolf!" Santa cheered.
			Connor grinned, then morphed a blade from his wrist. He approached Santa menacingly.
			"Listen here, Santa." he snarled. "If I get another lump of coal, after all this? *I'm gonna eat Rudolph!*"
			A bead of sweat ran down Santa's forehead, before both burst into hearty laughter, followed by raucous cheers of the children. Santa took off his red hat, and passed it to Connor.
			With that, the police rushed in.
			"ARMED POLICE! DON'T MOVE!" an officer roared.
			Connor sighed, and looked at him, eyes aflame. "Don't kill the moment." he growled.
			The officer wiseley stood down, and the Werewolf vanished into the night.

			"Okay, it looks all clear now." Chloe said, breathing a sigh of relief.
			"Thank god for the Werewolf, eh?" Bea grinned.
			"You're kidding? That monster?" Charlie challenged.
			"Monster? The fuck are you talking about?!" Amy snapped, scowling.
			"Saving people tonight doesn't change that he's killed every other night." Charlie snapped back.
			"Alright, alright." Bea said, stepping between the two. "Let's just focus on finding Connor."
			At that, Connor and Sparky reappeared. Connor flashed his phone in the air, putting on a pant.
			"They... they're on their way... should be here by now..." he gasped, before looking around. "What did I miss?"
			"Smooth. Real smooth." Sparky quipped.
			"What happened to your shoulder?" Trey asked, pointing at a small red patch on Connor's white shirt.
			"Oh, uh--" he stammered.
			"Oh, is that where Sparky accidentally nicked you last night?" Amy cut in quickly.
			"Y-yeah, that's it. Must've reopened it while running." he nodded.
			Trey tilted his head.
			"Come on, let's go." Chloe sighed. "It was nice to see you guys again, but... I need a good night's sleep."
			"Yeah, me too." Bea groaned. "Jesus..."

		Winter Faire - Grotto Fight
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor sighed as he pulled his car into his new driveway. He looked over, and saw Sparky, half asleep in the back seats. He chuckled, opened the door, and picked up his weary packmate.
			"Hey... I can walk, I'm a big boy..." he protested, nuzzling in.
			Connor grinned, and opened the front door.
			"Surprise." Ivan began, smirking.
			"Fucking hell... don't do that." Connor gasped, dropping Sparky.
			"OW!" he barked, before wagging his tail. "Hi, Ivan!"
			"Someone too tired to use their super-senses, is it?" Ivan quipped.
			"Something like that." Connor yawned. "To what do I owe you the pleasure?"
			"Moving in gift." Ivan grinned, walking into the kitchen space. He gestured at a tall wine fridge, which stood next to a cabinet.
			"Ugh. I hate wine. Reminds me of communion." Connor chuckled. "Thanks, though."
			"I didn't get you wine, bratan." Ivan laughed. He walked to the cabinet, and opened a drawer. He reached inside, and clicked a button. At that, Connor heard a corresponding click in the base of the fridge.
			"Now... observe." Ivan grinned, placing his hands atop the fridge and pushing it downwards.

			It sank into the floor, revealing a tall, heavy metal door hidden perfectly behind it. He punched a short code into a keypad, and opened it.
			Connor looked in awe at the secret wardrobe. There was a computer there, with an assortment of devices attached. Next to it was a variety of guns, ammunition, damascened knives, and other weapons. But what caught his attention was the display case.
			Inside stood a black-painted cerametallic suit of armour reminiscent of a knight's. But instead, it was inlaid with machinery and gadgets. Electrodes adorned the knuckles of its gauntlets, while a variety of scanners looked built into the helm.
			"That's the crusader suit!" he gasped.
			"Modified version." Ivan smiled. "Reverse engineered. Placed here in case of emergencies - like if you somehow lost your powers."
			"Lost my powers?"
			"We still don't know how any of this khernya really works, tovarishch." Ivan shrugged. "Better safe than sorry. KGB motto."
			"Do you have one too?"
			"Not quite." he chuckled, gesturing to his bodysuit. Connor was too tired to notice before, but it was indeed changed. Coils reinforced the muscles, and the kevlar had been upgraded to include a neoballistic weave.
			"You missed your calling as a male model." he snarked.
			"That's what I told the Commissariat!" Ivan quipped back. "Aside from your new digs, we also set up that computer. Use it to hack into any devices we capture from Paladin - I've already uploaded all the intel we've gathered so far. It's also got a police scanner built in, so we can keep an ear out for any emergencies. It'll patch those through automatically to your earpiece."
			"Damn, you guys thought of everything, didn't you?"
			Ivan chuckled, and then turned dour. "There is one small problem I also had to discuss."
			"Oh, here I thought the KGB-funded hidey-hole came with no strings attached."
			"Not quite that. That warehouse I was hitting tonight? It was already taken."
			"By who?"
			"I don't know. But whoever it is, they made a mess of the Super-Agents, and destroyed the serum like I'd planned on. And weirder still - they used a bow and arrow."
			"So... the Optimates have made an enemy of a KGB sniper, an autistic Irishman, a dire wolf... and Robin Hood." Connor sighed. "Any leads?"
			"Not yet. That's only half of the bad news." Ivan stroked his beard. "The other half? The serum in that shipment - it was outbound."
			Connor ran his hands through his hair. "You... you mean Paladin has started producing serum *within* Drackhill?"
			"And has started exporting it." Ivan grimly nodded. "I have a feeling we've got our work cut out for us."
			Connor sighed, stretching. "Don't we always."
			Ivan chuckled. "Me and wolfie will go on recon tomorrow, see if we can find out anything. You take the night off, Santa's Little Helper."
			"How the *fuck* did you hear about that?" Connor faux-snarled.
			Ivan laughed jovially. "KGB, remember? You earned a night off, bratan."
			Connor sighed, pulling the santa hat from his pocket. "I... those kids were so scared until I showed up. And then, they were looking at me in awe. Like I was some superhero."
			"Aren't you?"
			"I don't know." he looked away. "The whole time, I was terrified. I kept it funny, kept it light, so the kids wouldn't panic... but my hearts were going a mile a minute."
			"As they should do." Ivan nodded. "Listen... there will be times where you can't save everyone. Where you have to take a look at the big picture, where you have to sacrifice a few to save a few more. It's war, and we're soldiers. But you did a good job tonight, bratan."
			Connor smiled softly. "Thanks, comrade. Uh... can I ask for a couple of favours?"
			Ivan grinned. "Don't worry, tovarishch, you're in credit. How can we help?"
			"First, uh... can you look into my sister's family? Just see what you can find about her mum."
			"Of course." Ivan nodded gently. "Anything else?"
			"Can... can you pull some strings, get my uncle on day release for Christmas?"
			Ivan smiled warmly. "Can do, bratan."
			Connor released his shoulders, happy. "Anyway, fancy some vodka?"
			Ivan's brows furrowed. "You think, just because I'm Russian, I'll just start drinking vodka at the drop of a hat?"
			"Yes."
			"You're god damn right, bratan!" he cheered. The pair returned to the kitchen.

			It was well past midnight, now. A stone's throw away, Trey sat wide awake in his bed, rubbing his hands through his hair.
			"I must be crazy," he thought.
			But it all added up.
			He looked down at the pseudo-document he'd been writing.
			He triple-checked news reports, and the dates they were written.
			The truth was undeniable.
			"Oh, God..." he whispered, shaking and sweating.

		Panic Room

	Cold Comfort
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			It was November, 2011, and snowflakes were falling down onto the crisp schoolyard in Drackhill.
			A young Connor was sat on a wall, eating his lunch. He was on his own.
			A group of boys approached him. Trey was among them.
			"What's up, Barrett?" one of the boys asked, putting his hand on Connor's shoulder. He tensed.
			"Nothing. Please don't touch me." Connor replied bluntly.
			"Please don't touch meee." the boy said mockingly, tightening his grip.
			Connor stood, and smacked the boy's hand away. "Get. Off." he said firmly.
			"Or what?" another boy growled, shoving Connor. Connor slipped and his backpack fell to the ground. The boys laughed.
			Connor stood up, red-faced. Trey grabbed Connor's backpack and started rifling through it.
			"Ooh, what's this?" Trey grinned menacingly.
			"Stop that! It's mine!" Connor protested as the boys held him back.
			Trey laughed, and tore up some coursework Connor had been working on.
			At this, Connor snapped, and broke free, before punching Trey to the ground. Trey rose back up, and the two boys began fighting.
			Both boys were clearly stronger than they looked. The other boys tried to split them up, but were tossed aside by the two berserker teens.
			Finally, a group of teachers came running over. With considerable effort, both were dragged away from each other.

			Half an hour had passed, and both boys sat in the detention room in school. The teacher meant to be supervising them had simply left and locked the door. Both boys, now bruised, sat on opposite ends of the classroom. Both maintained permanent scowls on their faces, and kept their arms folded.
			This silence carried on for a good while - longer than most 15-year-olds could've managed. Finally, Connor took a deep breath.
			"This is all your fault." he growled.
			"Me?!" Trey snapped. "You're the one who went all psycho at me!"
			"You're the one who ruined my homework!"
			"Well, you're a weirdo!"
			"Fuck you!"
			Both boys were standing, ready to go for another round. Connor took a deep breath, and sat back down.
			"I'm sorry." he said through gritted teeth. "Actually, no, I'm not. Today's a really shitty day, and you made it 10 times worse."
			"Oh, boo hoo. The weirdo had a rough day." Trey mocked.
			"Shut up!" Connor snarled. "It's Bloody Sunday, if you've gotta know. The tenth one, as well."
			"It's bloody Friday, you idiot." Trey scoffed.
			"I mean the one in 2001! Oh, whatever. Not like you'd get it, anyway." Connor rolled his eyes.
			"What's that supposed to mean?!" Trey slammed his hands on the desk. "You think I'm stupid or something?!"
			"Yeah." Connor grinned.
			Trey went to be enraged, but instead, he simply chuckled.
			"Ugh... look. I'm sorry I ruined your coursework. And I'm sorry I ruined your stupid holiday."
			"It's not a holiday." Connor said curtly. "Ugh, I'm fuckin' sick of this shite. I'm sick of living next to you people!"
			"The fuck do you mean?" Trey snapped back, offended. "Oh, what, you're a racist now?"
			"Fuck off! I mean the English! None of yous even acknowledge what happened! What yous took from me! *WHO* yous took from me!"
			Connor's anguished scream echoed in the room. It went deathly silent, and Connor tried - and failed - to regain his composure.
			Trey covertly searched "Bloody Sunday 2001" on his smartphone while Connor rocked back and forth. He saw a brief article detailing it - the opening shots of the Bogside War.
			He walked over, tentatively.
			"Hey, I... I'm sorry that happened to you guys. I didn't know any of that - it's not like they teach it here."
			Connor looked over, his eyes bloodshot from silent tears.
			"I don't mean *you.*" Connor finally admitted. "I just mean... I'm tired of it. I don't fit in here, everyone calls me a weirdo, I'm just... I'm done."
			"Hey..." Trey sighed. "I'm sorry for calling you a weirdo. I was just going along with the guys, that's all."
			"Why?" Connor asked.
			Trey tried for a good while to think of a decent excuse. He couldn't, so he just sighed again.
			"I shouldn't've. I guess... if we're picking on you, then they're not picking on me. And yeah, I know, that doesn't make it okay. Look, I know what it's like to be judged by other people, if it helps." he began.
			"How?"
			"I'm black, you weir---sorry. I meant 'idiot.'"
			They shared a chuckle.
			"I'm sorry, too. I overreacted. My uncle always says I've got a bad temper."
			"Eh, I gave as good as I got. You're lucky those teachers split us up."
			"Yeah, right. If they hadn't come, I'd've thrashed you."
			"Sure thing. Keep telling yourself that."
			The boys tried to maintain this rough charade, but both cracked, and began to laugh. Once the laughter died down, Trey spoke again.
			"You said 'who' we took from you. What did you mean?"
			"My grandparents." Connor sighed. "Car bomb."
			Trey gasped. "Oh, shit, I... I'm sorry."
			"Stop saying that." Connor shook his head. "It's not your fault."
			"I mean, I'm sorry for bullying you." Trey sighed. "I just... I'm lonely too. Those guys are the only ones who let me hang out with them."
			"You're better off just being a weirdo." Connor replied, tilting his head.
			Trey chuckled softly. The two were sitting at the same table now, and their postures were more open.
			"I wish my grandparents were dead." Trey began. "My mum's side, that is."
			"Why?"
			"They blame me for her death." Trey explained. "I don't know why."
			"My mum died too." Connor noted somberly. "In childbirth. They called it the--"
			"--the Outbreak." Trey finished, his eyes widening. "*My* mum died from that. Giving birth to *me.*"
			"What?" Connor said, stunned.
			"Wait...You're saying the same thing that killed my mum..."
			"...killed mine?"
			"No way." Connor shook his head. "I mean, sure, our year in school is small, on account of the Incident - but me and Amy were the only ones who survived."
			"Amy? Amy Zhao?" Trey tilted his head.
			"Yeah. She's my foster-sister."
			Trey stroked his chin pensively. "Everyone else in our year had luckier mums than me - that's what we were told. It didn't hit everyone - only 60%."
			"Which is why our year's so small. Because half the kids who would've been born were stillbirths."
			"But that's the thing..." Trey rubbed his temples. "The Incident turned every pregnancy into a stillbirth, right? And it always hurt the mothers, too. They never figured out why I survived - they told my dad it was a mystery, and since I was the only one, they couldn't compare me to anyone else."
			"And since I moved to Derry as a baby..." Connor nodded. "No-one ever realised there were more of us."
			"Hang on, let me just get this straight - they lied to us?"
			"But why would they do that?"
			"Beats me. I don't know how to find that out."
			"Maybe I could ask my uncle? He's always been begging they open another inquest."
			"So's my dad! Hey, maybe if they both joined together, they might be able to get people to listen?"
			"And if we survived - who else did?" Connor pondered.
			"Yeah! There's gotta be more kids just like us. So many people, who know exactly what it's like..." Trey smiled softly.

			An hour later, the teacher arrived with Phil and Vince.
			"What's this I hear about fighting?" Vince asked, arms folded.
			"And you - I thought we'd spoken about you hanging out with--" Phil added, but both were cut off.
			"Dad!" Trey beamed. "This is Connor - he's like me, too!"
			"Vince!" Connor rose. "Trey's mum died in the Incident, too! Just like me and Amy!"
			Both adults looked at each other, aghast.
			"No, there's no way..." Phil shook his head. "They told me Trey was the only one who survived..."
			"Yeah..." Vince gasped. "The bastards lied to us."
			Connor and Trey revealed some notes they'd been making.
			The adults looked at the kids, then to each other.
			"I guess they're not fighting anymore." Vince shrugged.
			"Sounds like they're mates." Phil shrugged back.
			"Teenagers." Vince chuckled.

		Connor and Trey fight/reconcile
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Morning came and bled into afternoon, which lulled into evening. The sun was slowly creeping back down the horizon, as Connor lazed around his new home.
			Then it came. A knock on the door.
			Connor scanned it, and smiled warmly. He walked over, and opened it.
			"Hey, bro!" he began cheerily. "Everything okay?"
			"Hey." Trey began. "I'm not sure..."
			"What's wrong?"
			took a deep breath. "We tell each other everything, right?"
			"I... yeah, of course." Connor replied evasively.
			Trey chuckled grimly. "No secrets between us?"
			"Trey, what are you getting at?"
			"Connor... are you the Werewolf?"
			"What?" Connor said, taken aback... and aghast. "I, um... Why would you ask that?"
			"Are you, or aren't you?" Trey repeated himself.
			Connor sighed. He tried to force his lips to lie, but he just... couldn't.
			Trey gasped in shock. "You are..." he whispered.
			"Trey... listen to me, I--" Connor began.
			"You must think I'm some kind of idiot!" he snapped. "You go 'missing' for a week, and the day you come back just so happens to be the same day the Werewolf kills his first victim? Then suddenly you and Tommy are working together again... and what, you thought I just wouldn't notice how you're always conveniently busy or working when the Werewolf strikes? Or how about last week, when the Werewolf never showed up until we conveniently couldn't see you anymore? Or last night, eh? How about last fuckin' night?!"
			Connor sighed, and looked down. His red hoodie darkened and flexed, shifting into kevlar that covered him.
			"Oh my god..." Trey stumbled backwards in shock.
			His mask melted away. "Trey, wait. I'm still me."
			"You... You never told me." he said, aghast.
			"I'm sorry. I'm telling you now."
			"Who else knows?"
			"Amy. Tommy, too. I... I wanted to tell you, but..."
			"But what? You can't trust me?!"
			"No! It's just... I know you, Trey. You'll get yourself killed trying to follow me."
			Trey looked down. "How long have you been like this? Have you always been this way?"
			"No. It's only since October. When I went missing - I'd been kidnapped, and... changed. According to Sparky, they were trying to brainwash me, too."
			"Sparky?" Trey asked, bewildered.
			Connor sighed. "Sparky can talk."
			"The FUCK?!"
			"Only to me. Anyway..."
			"Whoa, whoa, whoa, back up! Don't just 'anyway' a talking dog!"
			"It's a long story. He has the same powers I do, and for some reason that gives him human-level intelligence. It also means we have this weird... I dunno, psychic bond or something."
			Trey slumped back, stunned. He crossed his arms, and sighed.
			"I hate the lie. And... I wanted to tell you. Not like this."
			"When?" Trey pressed. "When were you gonna tell me?"
			"Soon. I'm gonna tell everyone soon. Once I've figured out what they're planning, I can... I can be honest again."
			Trey paused, then rose. "Connor..." he began. "Answer honestly. How many people have you killed? Can you... Can you even remember?"
			"I remember every single one." Connor replied grimly. "73. 26 normal humans, plus 47 Super-Agents."
			"Super-What?"
			"The bulk of my enemies. They used to be humans, until a serum turned them into... people like me."
			"And the normal people?"
			"Most of those, I wasn't in control at the time." Connor said clinically. "They were attacking me, and I got carried away and killed them instead of just injuring them. Other than that, there was Omar Hattab, an Algerian would-be tyrant; and Alan Hughes - we spoke about him the day I killed him."
			"Why? Why kill them?"
			"Partly because they had it coming. Partly because I was paid to. And partly because they were in on the conspiracy."
			"Conspiracy?"
			"The Optimates." he answered grimly. "A cabal of rich people, trying to take over the world. They invented these... powers of mine. And they've used it to make an army."
			"Fuck..." Trey whispered, shuddering at the thought.
			Connor paused, the sadness evident on his face.
			"Trey, I... I wanted to tell you. And I was gonna. I just... I wanted to make sure that the worst of it was over." 
			"That wasn't your choice to make."
			Connor sat down, unable to reply. Then, he felt his earpiece beep.
			"Sorry, one sec." he said awkwardly. "Ivan, what's up?"
			"Bratan... we have a problem. A big problem."
			"How big?"
			"8 feet tall."
			"Shit... Where?"
			"Just outside Angleport. Me and Sparky are on overwatch, but they'll be on the move soon."
			"On my way." Connor nodded. He turned to Trey.
			"Listen, there's... there's some mutants in Angleport. If I don't stop them now, they'll kill a lot of people. I... I have to go."
			"Then go." Trey sighed, rising.
			"Wait."
			He hesitated, but reached into his kitchen drawer, and pulled down the wine fridge.
			"Whoa..." Trey gasped in awe. Connor punched in the code, and opened the wardrobe.
			"This... is my secret." he began awkwardly. "And on that computer is all the intel we have on... well, everything."
			"Why are you showing me this?"
			"To prove that I trust you. I have to go. But please - find the answers in there. And I'll answer any more questions when I get back."
			Trey hesitated, but hugged his best friend. Connor returned the embrace, and took off into the night.

		Trey learns the truth
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Ivan spied over the warehousing unit with a pair of electronic binoculars. Next to him, Sparky's burning red eyes scanned through.
			They both felt the impact behind them, as Connor dropped from his glide onto their rooftop perch.
			"Evening, tovarishch." Ivan nodded. "You see them?"
			Connor's eyes flashed, and he grimaced.
			"Fifteen Super-Agents, all armed. And the big fucker in the middle, guarding the serum."
			"They're expecting us." Sparky noted. "They're on edge. If we strike now, we'll be overwhelmed."
			"You're right..."
			"Translation?" Ivan grinned.
			"We can't attack head-on." Connor sighed. "There's too many of them. We need to take out the gunmen first, and then focus on the Giant."
			"15 gunmen. That's 5 each." Ivan stroked his beard. "Then we can triple-team big guy."
			"Speaking of..." Sparky began, focusing his eye. "The Giant has some kind of... 'fuzz' about him."
			"That's electricity, isn't it?" Connor tilted his head. "He's got some tech on him."
			"I don't like the sound of that..." Ivan grimaced. "So, how do you think we proceed?"
			"You're the expert. We're just the blunt instruments." Connor shrugged. "Still... I think we can use surprise on our side."
			Ivan nodded, pointing. "The roof is pretty weak. We should attack through there. I'll shoot from the rafters while you two jump down."
			Sparky rose, stretching. "I'll take left, you'll take right."
			"Sounds like a plan."
			The three heroes pounced over to the roof, and threw their weight downwards. Ivan caught himself on the rafters, and hung upside down, pulling back Isabella's bolt.
			"CONTACT!" a Super-Agent roared, as Connor landed down, flattening him. Shards of glass rained down, embedding into the bloody mess.
			The Werewolves tore through the Agent ranks, sprinting as fast as possible while they planted blades into chests. Meanwhile, a hail of bullets popped into their skulls.
			Connor caught a Super-Agent's rifle barrel, bent it upward, and drove the man's own bayonet through his throat. Beside him, Sparky ripped a leg from another Agent and used it to sweep a third off his feet. Ivan's rifle cracked twice. Two heads snapped back.
			It was a hard push, but it worked. All Agents were down.
			Connor turned to face the Giant, but before he could...
			*SH-SHK!*
			He looked down, and saw a blade poking from his abdomen. At first, it didn't hurt.
			Then, he felt a surge. He convulsed in agony, throwing himself forward. He stumbled, and braced himself against a crate of serum, looking up.
			The Giant rose, stretching out. It was clad in a powered exoskeleton, holding an oscillating blade.
			Ivan's sniper rounds slammed into it, barely denting the metal. A large collar plate guarded its neck, offering it surprising mobility.
			"Chyort! They gave it Crusader armour!" Ivan snarled. "Try to get me a clear shot!"
			"On it!" Connor spat, as he and Sparky leapt forward.
			Sparky kicked a small propane tank in the air. Connor grabbed it, and hurled it at their titanic foe. As it hit, Ivan's bullet crashed through, and a fiery shockwave staggered the beast.
			The Werewolves didn't hesitate. The pair pounced, with Sparky hooking his claws underneath a chest plate, using his strength to pry it loose. Connor meanwhile focused his attention on the monster's sword-arm, aiming his strikes at a small gap by the elbow.
			The Giant's free hand quickly darted to his gauntlet, and pressed a button. Then, the three convulsed in unison, clutching their heads in agony.
			A horrific screaming noise pierced through their earpieces, as they howled. The Giant grinned sadistically underneath his helm, and sliced his assailants with his oscillating blade.
			Ivan crashed down from his ceiling perch, scowling in pain. He stumbled to his feet, desperately fumbling in his ear - trying to reach the hijacked device.
			"TURN IT OFF! TURN IT OFF!" Connor roared, as he scrambled away from the blade.
			Sparky grabbed his collar, and tore it free. He raised his claws, and drove them into Connor's ear. Blood ripped out, but the agony subsided. 
			Ivan finally pulled his own out - blood running from his eardrum. His balance was gone, as he tried to aim into the carnage - wary of shooting his comrades.
			The Giant responded by kicking Connor with enough force to smash him into a shelving unit. A number of heavy crates fell down, and Connor held on desperately to consciousness.
			It raised its blade up, which hummed with power. Sparky barely dodged the first swing, as the second cut into his snout.
			*KK-BANG!*
			Ivan was many things - but he was not a man who would let his comrades down. A career as a Comissar will do that.
			He launched into the fray, Isabella's underbarrel shotgun in hand, and blasted the blade out of the Giant's hand. It spun outwards, the mechanism on the hilt sparking and failing, and it sank into the ground.
			The Giant smirked beneath his helm, as Ivan looked up.
			"Oh, blyat..." he sighed.
			He felt the back of a cerametallic gauntlet slam into him, and he sailed through the air, coming to a sudden stop against a brick wall.
			The Giant grabbed hold of Sparky, held him in a bear hug, and squeezed. Sparky's bones began to crack, but that was the least of his worries. Electricity coursed through his veins, as his fur stood to attention and he screamed in agony.

		Warehouse Frenzy
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Trey leaned back from the computer, amazed. Everything made a hell of a lot more sense now. Then, he heared the jingling of keys, and darted upwards.
			"Shit. Shit. Shit." he gasped, hurriedly putting the laptop back into the wardrobe. He closed the door, and re-raiesed the fridge, then walked into the living room, just as Amy did.
			"Yo, dickhead. Are you--oh." she began. "Uh, hey man. Is Connor in?"
			"Uh, he's busy." Trey shook his head.
			"Okay... so you're just here on your own?"
			He nodded, then sat down on the sofa. She joined him.
			"So... what's wrong?"
			"What do you mean?"
			"You've got a look on your face. The kind you normally have when you're in a mopey mood." she teased.
			He sighed. "Amy, I... I know."
			"Know what?" Amy prodded cautiously.
			"Not to mess with Connor on a full moon." he snarked.
			She folded her arms. "Say it out loud."
			"He's the Werewolf."
			She sighed, and rubbed her temples. "He told you?"
			"No." Trey whispered, his face turning grim. "I figured it out last night."
			Amy nodded, her expression changing to a more caring one. "How are you taking it?"
			"My best friend has killed 73 people. How do you think I'm taking it?" Trey snapped.
			Amy folded her legs. "A lot worse than I took it, clearly."
			"Yeah, well..." Trey began, "You already knew he had it in him."
			"Fuck you." Amy snapped. "Don't you dare."
			Trey sighed. "I'm sorry... I didn't mean it like that."
			Amy relaxed. "I know. Just... sensitive subject."
			Trey nodded sympathetically. "It's just... he's killed so many people."
			"Fascists." Amy countered. "Super-powered fascists."
			Trey went to speak, but struggled to think of the words.
			"Ask yourself. If you could do what he does, would you not?" she pressed.
			Trey sighed. "I... I probably would."
			"Exactly. So why are you acting like this?"
			"Because he lied! He hid this from me."
			"Yeah, he did. Seems he was right to, if this is how you're taking it." Amy retorted.
			"Hey, that's not fair." he snapped.
			"Isn't it?" she countered. "You find out about this horrendous burden he has to carry, and your first thought is 'boo hoo, he lied to me.'"
			"That is not how it is!" Trey argued. "He has this burden, yeah, and he never spoke to me about it! What kind of best friend am I, if he can't even come and talk to me about it?"
			Amy sighed. "He was trying to protect you."
			"Protect me? Or protect himself?"
			"Maybe he's entitled to that?! Have you even considered that, just maybe, he enjoys being a human, and would prefer it if everyone saw him as one?" Amy snapped. "Maybe, when he spends time with his best friend, he just wants to be Connor, instead of the Werewolf?!"
			Trey sighed deeply. "I... I know, but..."
			"How long have you known Connor?"
			"4 years." he answered.
			"4 years. And in those 4 years, he's always been...?" she pressed.
			"Honest. Caring." Trey replied. "...good."
			"Exactly. 'Good.' Connor is a good man." she began. "So, I don't care that he lied to us, because I know in my heart that when he lied, he was doing it for a good reason. Was it correct? I don't know. But I do know that he wouldn't have done it if he didn't think it was right. He was trying to protect us, and if you can't see that, you don't know him as well as you think you do."
			Trey sat there for a moment, deep in thought.
			"I... You... You're right." he admitted. "I just... I needed to talk about it."
			"No problem." Amy smiled softly. "I know it's hard, but... he's still Connor. The Werewolf is just an extension of that."
			Trey nodded. "I guess it's not all bad... If I'm out on the pull, I can always use the 'My best mate is a superhero' card now." he chuckled.
			Amy laughed. "You are so fucking lame."

		Trey and Amy catch up
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"GET OFF ME!" Sparky roared, as lightning coursed through his veins.
			Connor pushed off the last crate, aching and bleeding. He looked up, and it didn't matter anymore. His packmate needed him.
			"DIE!" he screamed, lurching forward, his eyes aflame. He slammed into the titan's chest, with enough force to slightly dent its cerametallic carapace. Sparky used his remaining strength to break free.
			The Giant's fists clenched in fury, and it wrapped them around Connor's neck.
			If he could still breathe, he'd have roared in furious defiance. Instead, he rattled, as his limbs flailed at the monster holding him aloft.
			Sparky desperately struck at its legs, each time fighting through the pain of the shocks.
			Connor spat. He sputtered. He kicked and scowled and clung to life.
			His eyes dimmed, and started to roll back.
			His ear - the one not deafened by his earpiece - pricked up ever-so-slightly. It heard something his conscious mind did not.
			*FF-SHK!*
			The Giant screamed in fury and pain, slamming Connor to the ground. He choked and looked up, watching as it plucked the obsidian-tipped arrow from its armpit.
			*FF-SHK!*
			Another arrow sailed through the air, and swung up, striking a gap in the armour's back.
			His eyes weakly moved to the side, and saw her. A figure clad in a black leather catsuit. She still wore her domino mask, but now with a hawkish, beaked cowl.
			"Olivia?" he whispered incredulously.
			She drew another arrow, and fired again.

			The newscaster brought his finger down from his earpiece, and sighed.
			"*Ahem.* We've just received a breaking news report of some kind of fight in Angleport. We, uh... we go now to our live correspondant. Zack, what's going on down there?"
			"Thanks, Tim." Zack began, stepping to the camera's side to give a clearer view. "As you can see, the police have established a cordon around the warehouse. Gunshots were reported earlier this evening, but now the noise indicates some intense battle going on. We've heard crashes, explosions, and even some electrical sounds."
			"What are the police doing?" Tim asked.
			"Nothing, by the looks of it." Zack muttered. "It seems their plan is to let this pan out, and then move in and apprehend the survivors."
			At that, a section of wall gave way, and the Giant's cerametallic gauntlet was caught by the camera as it swung forwards.
			Zack cleared his throat, and ushered the cameraman to a safer spot.
			Watching all this, Trey and Amy sat at the edge of the sofa, their hearts racing.

			The arrow twisted in the air, curving on an invisible line and burying itself in a soft point - the Giant's elbow.
			It roared, grabbing a crate and launching it at its assailant archer. She dropped her bow and placed her palms out, gently catching it and sending it careening into a wall by the side.
			A distraction. The Giant closed the gap just as she turned to face it, and belly-flopped onto her.
			She used her powers to soften the blow, but screamed out as she surged with electricity.
			"GET AWAY FROM HER!" Connor howled, as he and Sparky slammed into the beast. They twitched as they made contact, but felt Olivia's force push them forwards.
			It fell, and the three inhumans rose.
			"Fancy seeing you here..." she sputtered.
			"Its armour can electrify you on contact." Connor said firmly. "We need a different strategy."
			"Look!" Sparky barked, motioning. "It looks less bright, now."
			Connor's eyes flashed, and he nodded. "It's low on power. We need some way to finish it off, then make it vulnerable."
			"We can grapple it." Sparky chimed in. "If we're both on it, it should run out faster."
			Connor raised his fists. "Good idea. Oliv--Whiplash, we'll take the brunt of it. Once it's down, kill it."
			She looked down at Sparky in shock, but shook her head. "Got it, Werewolf."

			The two pounced forward, wrapping themselves over the Giant. Immediately, agony flowed through their bodies, and they forced themselves to hold on.
			It burned. It ripped. It tore. Every neuron was ablaze. The Giant tried to slam into a wall, but felt the air thicken and resist its push.
			Olivia's hands tremored as she forced the beast to stay still. Inside, she cursed herself for not studying electrokinesis in the labs. Still, she did her best to help.
			Screams stopped, as throats ripped from strain. The boys arched in the purest agony.
			Finally, it stopped. Both fell down, cushioned by force. The Giant slammed down, smoke billowing from ports in the suit.
			Olivia took a deep breath, drew an arrow, and fired.
			Bullseye. Or rather, Giant's eye.
			It roared, but to her horror, rose. Its suit was fried and dead, but the flesh within still raged.
			She drew another arrow, but too late. Its fists slammed down, and clipped her as she dodged. She smacked into the ground, scurring away.
			The Giant raised its cerametallic boot, and planted it on her chest. She forced the air to come back to her lungs, scowling in defiance.
			It shifted its weight against her force, sinking into her ribcage. It could've done this quicker - but no. It wanted to make her suffer.
			"Get off... get off..." she spat.
			The Giant grinned savagely under its helm. And then, it heard something that stopped its hearts.
			Connor rose.

			The Werewolf's chest heaved a bloody, ragged breath. Jagged burns covered his hide, like lightning scars. His eyes blazed with hellish furor.
			The Giant turned, but not quick enough. Connor wrapped his arms around its helm, and his legs around its shoulders.
			Ivan crawled out from his own pile of wreckage, shakily and weakly aiming his pistol. The bullet pinged off of its carapace.
			"Yob tvoyu mat..." he spat. "Connor! Its armour is too strong!"
			"*Its bones aren't.*" he snarled, as he began to twist.
			Olivia looked up, and her eyes flashed. Her forces pushed Connor one way, and the Giant the other - like twisting off a bottlecap.
			The Giant groaned. It reached up frantically. It tried not to die.
			A noise crawled from its mouth. It sounded like a beg.
			*SNAP!*
			The monster twitched, and fell. Olivia rolled away, as the impact cracked the ground.
			Connor collapsed, and rose again.

		Whiplash Saviour
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Jesus..." she whispered in awe. "You really are hard to kill."
			"Keep that in mind next time you take a contract against me." he quipped, before spitting out a globule of blood. He stumbled over to Sparky, and hoisted him over his shoulders.
			"We've gotta go, now. The cops'll be here any second."
			Olivia nodded, and rushed over to Ivan. She took his grappling hook, grabbed his waist, and fired into the rafters.
			Connor watched, and closed his eyes, focusing. A rope morphed from his hand, and a suction cup formed at the end. He dallied the rope, and then threw it upwards. It stuck to the ceiling, and he morphed it back into himself, pulling upwards.
			Now at the edge of the building, he dug his heels, and pounced. The team sailed over the gap, and made their way through the rooftops of Angleport Harbour. Finally, they came to a stop a few blocks away, and caught their breath.
			Sparky's eyes fluttered open weakly.
			"Did we... did we win?" he asked.
			Connor chuckled, stroking his packmate's ears.
			"Yeah, buddy. We won."
			Ivan's eyes shot open, as he sat upwards. He coughed, and forced himself to his feet.
			"What happened?"
			"Oh, yeah. Whiplash, meet Ivan and Sparky. Guys, meet Whiplash." Connor shrugged.
			Ivan looked her up and down, then nodded. "Thank you." he said curtly.
			"Any time." she nodded back.
			"Oh, you're that assassin! Are you our friend now?" Sparky asked.
			She cleared her throat. "Uh... yeah, I am."
			"You... heard that?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Psychic assassin, remember?" she grinned.
			"No way! Someone else who can hear me?!" Sparky yapped in excitement. She started back, but let him jump up at her. She chuckled at the irony of a telepathic dire wolf acting like an overgrown puppy.
			Ivan rolled his shoulder, feeling it click. "Oh, chyort!" he gasped.
			"What's wrong?" asked Connor.
			"We left Isabella."
			"You and that fucking gun..." Connor grinned. He turned to Olivia.
			"So... bows and arrows? That's new."
			She smirked. "*That's* your opening line?"
			"Well, you might have to change your codename now, right?"
			She chuckled, stroking Sparky's mane. "You know I'm called Whiplash because it's what my powers give people, right?"
			"Shut up. You have a literal whip to fight with!" he protested.
			"Yeah, because my powers make it a viable weapon. Same as archery. I had to go off-grid, but I knew if these bastards got a bigger presence in the city, they'd come for me. So, I took pre-emptive measures. A bow and arrow isn't my usual MO, so they won't suspect me - but I can use my powers to make it more effective than a gun."
			Connor shrugged. "Does this mean you're team good-guy now?"
			She hesitated. "Part-time."
			"Works for me."
			The four rose, looking down at the destruction.
			"A monster like that would cost millions..." Ivan muttered. "We won't see anything like that again for a while."
			He turned to his comrades. "I'll speak to my guys, get some new earpieces - this time, ones that they can't hack to make us deaf."
			"That'd be nice." Connor snarked.

			It was late, now. Midnight wasn't far.
			Trey and Amy were shaken from their panic by a thud in the garden. They rushed outside, and saw the Werewolves morph their gliders back into themselves.
			"Oh my god, you're okay..." Amy gasped, rushing over to them. Trey stood stunned, but shook his head, and joined them. After a quick group hug, he helped them inside.

			"What happened?" Amy asked, setting down a cup of tea. Sparky greedily ate his promised beefsteak, and passed out in his bed.
			"A cyborg giant beat the shit out of me, and then a psychic dominatrix rescued us." Connor shrugged, grinning.
			"Damn..." Trey gasped. "You... you're not fucking with me, are you?"
			"No, that pretty much covers it." Connor groaned, stretching. "I'll be fine. Just need a good night's rest."
			Trey hesitated for a little while, before finally speaking.
			"I had a long chat with Amy earlier. She... she helped me to understand."
			Connor looked up at him, teary-eyed. Amy nodded softly.
			"I get it now..." he continued. "You thought you were protecting us. But do you know how much it *hurts* to think my best friend didn't trust me enough to let me in?"
			"I'm sorry..." Connor repeated. "I'm letting you in now."
			Another long pause. Finally, Trey wordlessly hugged Connor again.
			"I..." Trey paused. "I'm not going to act like I'm not *pissed* at you for lying to me. Just... promise me, you'll tell me the truth from now on."
			"I swear. From now on, no more lies." Connor vowed.
			Trey smiled. "I love you, bro."
			"Love you too." Connor smiled back.
			Amy smiled, and hugged both. They all sank into it.

		Reconciling with Trey
		______________________________
		SCENE
			In the same manner in which the morning sun lazily dragged itself over the horizon, Connor lazily dragged himself into the shower.
			He let the water run over his wounds, which had gone from traumatic perforations to bruises and scuffs. His joints clicked, and he heaved himself into the living room.
			"AH!" Amy screamed, covering her eyes.
			"Fuckin' hell..." he muttered, morphing on some clothes.
			"Ew! Ew! Ew!" she hissed, smacking him each time.
			"The fuck are you still doing here anyway? I thought you guys left last night?" he snarked.
			"We wanted to make sure you were okay." she sheepishly admitted.
			"It's not so bad, Amy." Sparky nuzzled into her hand. "I'm naked too!"
			She chuckled, stroking him.
			Trey came out from the toilet.
			"Pff... I'd give it five minutes." he grinned. 
			Connor chuckled. "Unless you have super-senses. Then I'd give it 20."
			"Wait, is it that bad?"
			"No, I'm fucking with you." Connor smirked.
			Trey laughed. "How should I know? You can punch through walls and shit, it wouldn't surprise me."
			"Wanna see what I can do?" Connor's eyes flashed red, as he stared at Trey's chest. "Bm-bm. Bm-bm. Bm-bm." he went, to the tune of Trey's heartbeat.
			"Holy fuck..." Trey shuddered. "I--Connor, it's okay, calm down..."
			Connor's eyes quickly faded back to normal. "What's wrong?" he asked, worried.
			"I---Well, don't your eyes turn red when you get pissed off or something?"
			"Well, yeah, but they turn red whenever I use any of my powers." Connor explained. "Right there, I was using my super-senses to see your heartbeat."
			"Let's see..." Amy grinned. "A superhuman saying 'Wanna see what I can do?' with his eyes turning red; as he mimics your heartbeat while staring into your ribcage... Yeah, you're lucky he's already had a shit."
			"Sorry, bro." Connor said softly. Trey hugged him.
			"It's cool." he chuckled. "So, you could actually see my heartbeat? Like, X-ray vision or something?"
			"X-ray vision would give you radiation poisoning." Connor grinned. "Nah, my super-senses work off of synesthesia. So, I can tune up my super-hearing, but then map it onto my vision, which lets me 'see' where noises are coming from more accurately. It works for Sparky too - except, being a wolf, his primary sense is his smell, so he maps things onto that."
			"So, what, his nose goes red? Like Rudolph?" Amy tilted her head.
			"No, like this!" Sparky barked, flashing his eyes red.
			"Whoa..." Amy gasped.
			"As I said, for some reason, they turn red whenever we use our powers." Connor shrugged. "Not sure why, or why the eyes specifically. Add it to the list of questions."
			Trey looked up in awe. "Can I have some super-powers, please?"
			Connor chuckled. "I don't know where they come from, exactly. Besides, the drawbacks are pretty shitty too. Remember that nosebleed and migraine I had at yours? Those keep happening unless I hurt myself or others. It's... not fun."
			"You're self harming?" Trey gasped.
			"Not really." Connor shrugged back. "More... pain management. Picking my battles."
			Trey shuffled uncomfortably. "Anyway... there's something I've been meaning to ask. How do your clothes work?"
			"Oh yeah, technically, I'm naked." Connor chuckled. "There's this weird gooey substance under my skin. I can force it out and reshape it, turning it into clothes, armour, weapons... or my costume."
			He demonstrated by tensing, and his red hoodie turned jet-black and tarry, reshaping into his iconic outfit. He then forced a blob out of his palms, which turned into knives.
			"That's so cool..." Amy smiled in awe. "I know the rest is awesome too, but that's really cool..."
			"Handy, too." Trey noted. "Saves you having to worry about changing into spandex."
			"What, with my red underpants on the outside?" Connor winked cheekily, taking off his mask. "That's why I normally wear the same outfit, by the way. It's easier to 'morph' into a form I've used before. This isn't my only form, either."
			He demonstrated by clutching his sides, and his shape began to ripple.
			First, he kicked out one foot, as the boot shifted into a talon. Then, the other.
			He bent his knees as his leg armour calcified and chitinised. Then he threw his hands out, as they became claws.
			Finally, the ooze covered his face in chitinous armour, and his eyes burned a demonic red. His hood thickened and sharpened, forming into a horn-like structure from the back of the head.
			"Holy shit..." both gasped in awe.
			"Why did you turn into that when I found out?" Amy tilted her head.
			"Stress." he shrugged. "This form is designed for when subtlety goes out the window. It's heavily armoured, but flexible enough for me to maintain my stamina. And the claws are obviously useful. If my Rage gets triggered, I'll shift into this form without meaning to."
			He morphed back into his covert-ops costume, and rolled his shoulders.
			"Speaking of..." Trey began. "Not to play into the stereotype, but... you need a makeover."
			"Oh yeah, totally." Amy nodded eagerly. "Don't get me wrong, the costume is great, but... it needs some TLC."
			Connor rolled his eyes. "Here we fuckin' go..."

			Over in Caldermouth, a young man rubbed his temples, looking over a tablet computer. He was wearing a police uniform, and sat at a desk marked "EVIDENCE LOCKUP"
			A man in AFO gear approached, tapping on the desk.
			"Excuse me?" he began. His accent sounded English, but had noticable hints of Russian. "Can you give me a hand?"
			"Uh--sure, sure." the clerk said. "W-What do you need?"
			The man smiled. "New here?"
			"It's my first month." he quickly nodded. "How can I help?"
			"I'm very sorry." the man whispered, before wrapping him in a chokehold. He quickly passed out, and the man pressed his limp hand against a scanner. The lockup opened, and the man popped open his helm.
			"Ahh... privet, moya detka." Ivan grinned, picking up Isabella. He checked her for damages, and then holstered her round his back. Quickly, he made his way out.

			"Okay..." Trey began, having ordered the furniture to have Connor standing central, with him and Amy perched around. Connor was in his full costume getup now, with his mask on and hood up. Sparky had likewise morphed up his own costume, which covered everything except his tail, ears, and snout.
			Connor chuckled. "Shall we start posing?"
			"Not yet." Amy grinned. "Alright, let's start with the head."
			"What's wrong with the head?" Connor asked, shrugging.
			"Well, it's a bit bland." Trey began. "I mean, 'balaclava and ski goggles' doesn't scream 'superhero' - more 'bank robber.'"
			"Bank robbers are cool!" Connor protested. "Besides, it's not meant to look nice. It's meant to hide my identity. With this visor, you can't tell what my eyes look like, or the overall shape of my face."
			"I like the hood." Amy nodded. "We can work with that."
			"Second the hood." Trey said, rising. He took a closer look at Connor's mask.
			"How much can that material be maniuplated?"
			"What are you getting at?"
			"Tighten it to your skin."
			Connor shrugged, and did so, un-morphing the plastic visor so the mask could cling to his upper face, while leaving a looser, breathable material around his mouth and nose.
			"Like this?" he asked, raising his eyebrows.
			"Perfecto." Trey grinned, showing Amy.
			"Now *that's* a superhero mask." Amy beamed. "Much more expressive."
			"Not sure about the eyes, though." Connor shrugged, forming smaller lenses over them.
			"Can you see alright out of those?" Amy tilted her head.
			"Hello? Super-senses? But yeah, even without 'em, I can see. *With* them..." Connor grinned, turning his vision on.
			"Oh my god, it's perfect." Trey gasped.
			Connor looked into the mirror. It looked good.
			Instead of a bright red visor, he now looked like a ninja with a demon's gaze. Even he had to admit, it was pretty badass.
			He turned it off.
			"That's fucking awesome." Amy grinned. "You look sick."
			"It's perfect." Trey grinned. "The expressiveness is just what you need. Criminals see a scowling monster, but innocents get to see the care in your eyes."
			"Can I try?" Sparky asked.
			"Go on, bud." Connor nodded, smiling. Sparky tightened his own face-mask similarly, and reddened his eyes. The pair looked terrifying.
			"Hmm..." Trey stroked his chin. "The head looks good now, but the body?"
			"What are you on about? The kevlar suit is perfect!" Amy countered.
			"I don't know... we could definitely add some pizzazz."
			"No capes." Connor cut in, grinning.

			It was the dead of night, now. A pair of Patriot goons waltzed into a corner shop.
			"Gentlemen, please..." the owner began nervously. "I can't afford another robbery."
			"Boo fuckin' hoo." the larger one grinned. "Open the till, or we start causing problems."
			The owner sighed, and pressed the button to open the till - as well as another next to it.

			"All units - silent alarm tripped in McAllen's - 39 Victoria Road. Request immediate response." the operator said clinically.
			"All units, this is Chief Superintendent Hayes - stand by. Priority is continued patrols in Caldermouth Square - leave it for a morning call."
			Connor pressed his finger to his earpiece, and flexed.
			"You get that, bratan?" Ivan asked. His voice was crackly - the tech still damaged from the night before.
			"Received." Connor nodded. "On my way."
			"Show the boys in blue how it's done." Ivan grinned.

			"Please, stop this madness!" the shopkeep begged.
			The smaller thug struck his wine shelf with a baseball bat, shattering glass and spilling drink. The larger one laughed.
			"*Hey.*" Connor barked lowly. The thugs turned around, and went pale as ghosts.
			"F-fuck..."
			"It's the freakin' Wolf!"
			Connor tensed, then released his muscles. His black, knee-length, sleeveless trenchcoat - a compromise with Trey's insistence on a cape - fluttered in the wind. His piercing red gaze shot through the cold air.
			He gripped the coat's collar along with his hood, and pulled them tight. His eyes flared, punctuating it.
			The shopkeeper grinned.
			The hero was here.

		Designing a costume

	Truths and Titans
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			The year was 2009. A 35-year-old woman stepped off of the bus, and walked towards a big, fancy house. Her shoulder-length black hair was tucked neatly into a ponytail, framing her pale skin and deep brown eyes that shone with quiet determination. Her right arm was bandaged, with another bandage poking out from her shirt onto the base of her neck. She took a deep breath and rang the doorbell.
			After a short moment, a middle-aged man answered.
			"Good morning, Mr. Derrington! I, uh, am here for job interview?" she asked, in a thick Russian accent.
			"Ah, right, hello! Ms. Popova, wasn't it?" the man smiled. He shook her hand. "Please, call me William."
			"Pleased to meet you, William." she nodded graciously. "Call me Sveta." William invited her in.
			"So, as we said on the phone, the job is primarily elder care." William explained. "My father, Oliver, suffers from Alzheimer's Disease. While you're working, your priority will be to take care of him."
			Sveta nodded deferentially. "Would I be able to see Mr. Oliver?"
			"Of course." William smiled, walking her to a downstairs bedroom. There, an old man in a wheelchair watched television.
			"Dad?" William said loudly. Oliver turned his face, and smiled.
			"Oh, hello!" he said jovially. "Who's this?"
			"Good morning, Mr. Derrington!" Sveta said, speaking slowly so that her accent was easier for him to hear. "How are you feeling today?"
			"Are you the new nurse?" Oliver asked, smiling. "Lovely to meet you. What's your name?"
			"You can call me Sveta." she smiled. "Can I check your blood pressure, sir?"
			"Absolutely." Oliver nodded. Sveta smiled warmly, and pulled a monitor from her bag. She fixed the strap to his arm, and looked at the screen.
			"Where are you from?" Oliver asked. William cringed slightly.
			"I'm from Russia." she replied, her smile faltering slightly. "I used to live in Moscow."
			"I went to Moscow not long ago... would have been in the 70s, I think." Oliver smiled nostalgically.
			"I would have been a little girl." Sveta smiled. "It was beautiful back then."
			"Where did you get those bandages?" he asked. William again cringed.
			Sveta paused for a moment, before answering. "Oh, just a small scrape. I'll be right as rain."
			She finished her checks, and rose. "From what I can tell, your father is in good physical health, all things considered. What is his current medication plan?"
			William smiled. "He takes insulin, hydroxychloroquine, aledronate, and hydrocortisone - all to deal with his VS--Ah, sorry, I should explain--"
			Sveta raised her hand. "No need. Everyone in Russia my age knows all about Volkov."
			"Oh really?" William tilted his head.
			"When they first discovered it in the 80s, there was a big scare in the Narodnyy komiss--Apologies." she cleared her throat. "In the Ministry of Health. There was a big push to get everyone tested. That's why we know about the carrier/active distinction."
			William raised his eyebrows, impressed. "Well then, I'll defer to your authority on the matter." he chuckled. "His is elder-onset, anyway. As you'll know from the medicine plan, it mainly manifests as endocrine and orthopaedic. My daughter has Congenital VS. She's good at looking after herself, though." he smiled proudly.
			Sveta bowed her head respectfully. "What are her symptoms, if you don't mind my asking?"
			"Mainly neurological. Epilepsy, partial deafness, short-sightedness... and a very strong stutter. And of course, the standard diabetes." he replied. "Anyway, my wife is currently away on business." he said, somewhat bitterly. "My children are in their rooms. Shall we?"
			Sveta nodded, and the two headed upstairs.
			"This is my son's room." William began. He knocked on the door. "Victor!" he called.
			Victor - a skinny boy of 14 years - opened the door. He sighed.
			"What do you want?" he asked.
			"Victor, this is Svetlana. She'll be grandad's nurse. Svetlana, this is Victor." William sighed.
			"Pleasure to meet you, Victor. How are you today?" she asked, holding out her hand.
			"What? Do-you-speak-English?" Victor mockingly chimed.
			"VICTOR!" William hissed. "Go to your room!"
			"I am in my room." Victor snarked.
			"Then stay in it!" William snapped. Victor slammed his door, and William rubbed his temples.
			"I am so, so sorry... He's not normally like this, I swear."
			Sveta chuckled. "It's okay. My son was just as sarcastic."
			William smirked, reassured. "How old is he? Are you able to work overnight at all?"
			She took a deep breath - almost pained. "Um--It's not a problem, I... I can work whenever."
			He felt his phone buzz.
			"Ah, apologies - I have to take this." he said, rushing down the stairs.
			Sveta exhaled, and smiled. She looked over, and saw Chloe standing timidly in her doorway. She was 12 years old. Her freckles were even more prominent than the present day, and her face was still unscarred. She nervously held her elbows.
			Sveta smiled softly. Her little Alexei would've been around the same age.
			"Good morning! My name is Sveta. What's yours?" she asked, kneeling down to her level.
			"I--I'm C-Chloe." she smiled shyly.
			"Lovely to meet you, Chloe. How are you today?"
			"I-I'm o-ok-okay." she stammered, blinking as she got the words out.
			"Are you doing anything interesting?" Sveta asked.
			"N-no. J-just h-homework."
			"Can I see?" Sveta asked. She cracked a cheeky grin. "I'm new here. I bet your school teaches you things I have no idea about!"
			Chloe smiled, and opened the door, revealing her homework.
			"Ah, chemistry." Sveta smiled warmly. "You are good with science, yes?"
			"A-a little." Chloe admitted. "I-I pref-fer b-biology to ch-chemistry."
			"Wonderful." Sveta beamed. "I studied biology when I trained to become a nurse."
			"Y-you're a n-nurse?"
			"Da, yes!" she smiled. "I was a nurse in the army back home."
			"W-wow." Chloe looked up, amazed. "C-can g-girls join the a-army?"
			"In Russia, they can." Sveta smiled, crossing her legs to sit down comfortably.
			"W-why d-did you come here?" Chloe asked, fascinated. "W-was the army too b-boring?"
			Sveta chuckled softly. "Yes, very boring. I decided I'd have much more fun coming here to learn chemistry."
			Chloe giggled. She passed Sveta a periodic table.
			"C-can you test me? A-ask me a n-number and I'll try to say the n-name." she asked.
			Sveta smiled warmly. "Of course! Let's see... 30."
			"Zinc." Chloe recited instantly.
			Sveta looked at her, impressed. "85."
			Chloe paused for a moment. "Oh! As-Astatine!"
			Sveta raised her eyebrows in amazement. "Okay... 12?"
			"Magnesium!" Chloe giggled happily, then caught herself and looked down, cheeks flushed. "S-sorry, I j-just... it's f-f--" she blinked, forcing the words out, "--fun."
			"Don't apologise, dorogaya!" Sveta brushed her shoulder.
			"Dorogaya?" Chloe tilted her head. Despite having heard the word for the first time, she didn't stutter.
			Sveta smiled warmly. "'Moya dorogaya' means 'my dear' in Russian."
			Chloe blushed. "H-How can I s-say 'T-thank you' in Ru-Russian?"
			Sveta beamed. "You would say 'Spasibo' - and then I say 'Pozhaluysta' which means 'You're welcome.'"
			Chloe nodded. "S-Spasibo."
			"Pozhaluysta, moya dorogaya!" Sveta replied warmly. "Okay... 16?"
			"Sulphur! C-come on, that one's easy!" Chloe giggled happily.
			Sveta smiled warmly. "Okay then... 115!"
			Chloe thought long and hard.
			"N-not B-Bismuth... Not Uranium..."
			Then, her face lit up. "M-Moscovium!"
			Sveta laughed proudly. "You're a genius."
			Chloe played with her hair shyly. "J-just a g-good mem-memory."
			Sveta smiled, and leant back. "I'll tell you something - I only picked it because it's my home town."
			"Y-you're from M-Moscow?"
			"Originally, yes." she beamed.
			Chloe looked up in awe. Then, a knock on the door.
			"Sorry about that, Ms. Popova!" William entered.
			"No trouble at all, Mr. Derrington." Sveta nodded graciously. "Chloe here was teaching me all about the periodic table."
			Chloe blushed, and smiled.
			William beamed with pride. "Well, that settles it. Can you start working next Monday?"
			"Absolutely." Sveta smiled warmly. She rose, and picked up her bag.
			"S-see you on M-monday S-Sveta!" Chloe beamed.
			"See you Monday, Chloe." Sveta nodded, smiling back.
			Chloe waved as Sveta reached the door, then hesitated. "Th-thank you for t-talking to me. Spa--spasibo"
			Sveta turned, softened by the earnestness in the girl's voice. "Vsegda pozhaluysta. That means, 'You are always welcome.', dorogaya."
			Chloe smiled. "V-Vsegda p-pozhaluysta." she repeated, pronouncing it surprisingly well. Her stutter softened as the words left her lips, slow and steady.
			Sveta smiled proudly, then stepped out, closing the door behind her.

		Chloe meets Sveta
		______________________________
		SCENE
			As the afternoon sun lazily hung above the valley, the Werewolves had decided to spend their rare moment of peace at Amy's flat. While Sparky sprawled on the sofa watching the TV, Connor was sat at the table, shirtless. Amy had her tattoo kit out, and was straining against his toughened skin.
			The newsreader was talking.
			"And in political news, the government has passed the controversial Terrorism Act, which gives police forces the authority to arrest and detain anyone suspected of terrorism offences for up to 60 days, as well as expanding the use of the Diplock Court system to apply to such cases in mainland Britain. Critics argue that the bill is a glorified method of detaining citizens without trial or probable cause..." it continued.
			"Fuckin' idiots." Connor muttered. "Diplock Courts? This isn't Belfast, and it's not the bloody 90's."
			"Alright, Vince, calm down." Amy grinned. Connor chuckled, but it was subdued.
			"What's that?" Sparky asked, head tilted.
			"Oh... Long story, buddy. Basically, the government has decided they can lock people up whenever they feel like it."
			"Will they come after us?"
			"They can fuckin' try." Connor grinned deviously. Sparky grinned back, and continued on his bone.
			"Stay still." Amy ordered. Connor chuckled.
			"This is either the most intricate tattoo ever made, or you're struggling." he quipped.
			"Yeah, turns out my needles ain't for skin that can withstand fuckin' *bullets.*" Amy snarked back.
			"On the plus side, it's a good arm workout." Connor grinned.
			Amy sighed, and leant back. "I think that's as good as it'll get."
			It was a rather humourous tattoo - a drawing of a cat with its front paws outstretched, and red lines above the claws - as though it was sliding down his shoulderblade.
			She took a photo. Connor stood and opened the fridge, his stomach rumbling. He looked around for something.
			"Sparky?" he asked.
			Sparky ceased chewing on his bone and trotted over. "Yes?"
			"Did you eat my muffins?" Connor raised an eyebrow.
			Sparky's tail flopped between his legs. "...Those were for you?" he asked, his ears drooping down.
			"Don't give me puppy eyes, you know I can't stay mad at them..." Connor grinned. Sparky returned to his happy posture and smirked - a very funny look on a wolf.
			"Wait a sec... Shit." Connor's eyes widened. "When did you eat those?"
			Sparky froze. "Um, about 5 days ago? Why?" he asked, nervously wagging his tail.
			"And you've not felt unwell at all?"
			"No, I'm good." Sparky nodded.
			"Huh. Because those were triple-chocolate muffins. Even a wolf your size would be sick from that. Maybe... Maybe you're immune?" Connor mused. He stroked his chin in thought.
			"When I first got the migraines, I took a shitload of painkillers - enough to knock out a horse. And I felt nothing. And my friends joke that I never get drunk, but before I got my powers, I could still get tipsy, I just had to drink a lot... maybe, somehow, we process drugs and poisons much better than humans do?"
			"Humans?" Sparky asked.
			"Yeah, well... normal humans. Not like you and me."
			In the back of his mind, he thought to himself...
			"Am I not human? Am I becoming... detached from them? No. I can't let that happen."
			Amy looked at them both in awe.
			"I wish I could speak to wolves." she grinned.
			Sparky trotted over, and licked her.
			"You can speak to me! It's me who can't speak to you!" he smiled.
			Connor relayed that, and she chuckled.
			"Well, buddy - I guess Connor better translate for you more often, huh?"
			"Yes! He's so lazy!" Sparky yapped, and then winked at Connor. Connor laughed heartily, and relayed it. He turned to go grab a drink.
			Amy looked at his back, and groaned.
			"What's wrong?" he asked.
			"It's already faded!" she sighed, showing him a picture.
			Connor chuckled. "Too bad. We agreed you could try one tattoo on me."
			"Yeah, yeah." she snarked. She scrolled through her photos - a picture of her, Connor, and Vince showed up.
			Connor frowned.
			"You know..." she began. "You should go see him. One-to-one."
			Connor hesitated. "He... he won't want to see me."
			"Oh, shut up." she snapped. "Go and see him. Now."
			"Now?"
			"Yeah, now. You got anything better to do?" 
			"Are people even allowed to visit the prison like that?"
			"Yeah, dumbarse." she chuckled. "Go on, go see him while it's fresh on our minds. Me and Sparky will have a fun day together."
			"Ooh, yes!" Sparky added. "There's a new episode of Eastenders on tonight, we can watch that!"
			Connor chuckled. "A talking super-wolf, who only I can hear, who's into Eastenders... It's remarkable how, well, unremarkable that is to me now."
			Sparky grinned. "You're telling me. I'm stuck with the only being who can understand my speech, and he's leaving me at home all day."
			Connor laughed. "Did you just sass me? I'm so proud of you." 
			Sparky wagged his tail in pride.

		Connor questions his humanity
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor sat on a chair, wearing a baggy hoody and an ID tag.	He was looking down, clearly scared.
			The door buzzed, and in walked a broad, muscular man in a prison uniform - ginger buzzcut, thick beard, pale skin freckled across the cheeks. His deep blue eyes widened the second he saw Connor. He said nothing.
			Connor gulped. He opened his mouth, but the words didn't come out. Finally, after a milisecond that felt like a lifetime, Connor spoke.
			"...V-Vince. I--I know you probably don't want to see me, but... I j-just want to say..." Tears welled up in Connor's eyes. "I... I am so, so sorry. I'm sorry for getting you locked up in here. I know I can never make it up to you..." and with that, wordlessly, Vince pulled Connor in for the deepest of hugs. Both men had tears streaming down their cheeks. Connor gripped his uncle tightly.
			"You have nothing to be sorry for. I thought you hadn't come... because you blamed me." Vince said, his voice hoarse from crying.
			"No! Never. I didn't come, because it's my fault you're in here..." Connor shook his hea, choking back tears.
			"It was never, *ever* your fault." Vince replied, pulling back and putting his hand on Connor's heart - the left one, to be precise. "I knew the risks, and I accepted them. It was my stupid idea to bring you along for that job, and besides, what good would both of us ending up in here do? No. I got you into this mess, and would have ended up in here either way. The least I could do was protect you." Vince sniffled. "I'm so, so sorry I didn't speak to you at the courtroom - I was trying to make sure you didn't get implicated any further."
			Connor smiled, his tears slowly drying up. "It's okay... I understand now. Hey... only we could manage go months without seeing each other because we both thought the other one was mad, eh?"
			Both men laughed heartily.
			"How have you been, lad?" Vince asked, smiling warmly.
			"I've... a lot's happend."
			"Tell me everything."
			"Complicated. Long story." Connor signed, before motioning to the prison officer in the corner, who was sat on his phone.
			Vince nodded understandingly. "Tommy's looking after you?" he signed back.
			"Yes." Connor motioned. Then, he spoke.
			"But... aside from that. I, uh... I got a dog!"
			It hurt that he couldn't tell his uncle about the truth, his powers, or the Optimates. Lying, hiding the truth... it burned.
			"A dog?" Vince asked, surprised. "Do you have pictures?"
			Connor took out his phone, showing photos of him and Sparky. Vince smiled warmly.
			"He's gorgeous." Vince said. "How old? What breed?"
			"Nearly 9 months." Connor replied. "A wolfdog, I reckon. He's a rescue, he was... there was this lab, he was being tested on. They were going to kill him, but instead, I took him in." 
			Not the whole truth. But not a lie.
			"Amazing. That's my boy." Vince replied, beaming with pride. "And how's Amy doing?"
			"She's good." Connor nodded. "Christmas is only a few weeks away, and she was planning on coming up to see you for it. You know, it being our first Christmas since..." Connor paused.
			"It's okay." Vince replied. "First Christmas since I got nicked."
			"Yeah..." Connor nodded. "Anyway, I at first said I wouldn't go, because I was scared... but, I'll come."
			"That makes me so happy." Vince smiled, his face lighting up. "I can't wait."
			"Me neither." Connor said happily.
			"And how are your friends? Jake and Trey?"
			"Jake was never a friend, but he's gone his own way anyway." Connor said nonchalantly. "Trey's good. It was his birthday last week. We went to the zoo, and then had drinks with our new friends."
			"New friends?" Vince asked, eyebrow raised.
			"Yeah, Amy met them on a night out, and they've kind of just ended up in our social circle. Bea and Chloe." Connor answered. He looked away for a second... He realised, too late, he said 'Chloe' with a little too much affection. His hopes Vince didn't notice were quickly dashed.
			"Ooh, tell me about Chloe." Vince smiled, teasingly.
			"Haha, what makes you say that?" Connor smirked.
			"Connor my boy, I've known you your whole life. I've heard that exact inflection used on who-knows-how many secondary school crushes." Vince replied, grinning. Connor blushed and laughed.
			"Okay, you got me. Yeah, I like her. But, I mean, we're just friends." Connor explained.
			"Does she like you too?" Vince asked. To most people, Vince was a 43 year old hardened criminal. To those that knew him, he was a schoolboy in a grown man's body.
			"I mean, I don't know... you're definitely asking the wrong guy." Connor answered. "She seems really lovely, and we've had a few moments, but I'm not sure if she's just being friendly. I mean, nothing overtly romantic has happened between us."
			Vince smiled. "Well, have you been on any dates?"
			"I mean, not *dates.*" Connor paused. "We met in a library, she's at the university here, studying biotech. After that, we went out for a dog walk with Sparky. The next time where it was just the two of us I walked her back to her place, and... well, she did try to kiss me, but she was really drunk, and we'd been talking - I mentioned Derry and she spoke about her childhood too, so... And, like I said, she was drunk anyway. She threw up on me, bless her." Connor chuckled fondly. "After that, she got attacked by some dickheads from the Patriots, so I knocked 'em both out." 
			Vince looked both shocked and impressed at that remark.
			"I mean, Sparky helped. Anyway, she stayed round mine that night, and I comforted her. Obviously nothing happened, but, we did cuddle a bit. But, I mean, she was vulnerable - it doesn't mean she likes me. Then, I got beaten up by some other Patriots - she found me all bruised while she was out on a night out, so she took me back to hers, and I spent the night - again, nothing happened, she was just looking after me is all. I don't know, I think she just sees me as a friend."
			Vince, who was listening intently, erupted into a roar of laughter. "You're kidding!" he said between laughs.
			Connor tilted his head.
			"Haha, hah... I'm not laughing at you, son." Vince said, catching Connor's confusion. "I just... You don't think she likes you?!"
			"I mean, there's no overt evidence..." Connor said, but Vince raised a hand to silence him.
			"Connor. If she kissed you on the lips and told you she loved you, you'd think she was being polite."
			Connor looked confused for a split second before recognising the joke. He chuckled.
			"I know why you're mixed up." Vince smiled softly. "You're still broken up over Yaz, eh?"
			At the mention of Yaz, Connor cringed slightly.
			"Well, I did walk in on her in bed with another man. That does tend to put a damper on romantic inclinations." Connor said matter-of-factly.
			"Listen to you, sounding all English, like." Vince grinned, causing Connor to playfully smack him.
			"Fuck you!" Connor said, his accent subtly more Irish than usual. "I'll have you know I sang Rifles at Trey's birthday."
			"You sang an IRA tune and she didn't run away? You've got yourself a keeper, lad."
			The two cracked up again, smiling warmly.

		Connor sees Vince and reconciles
		______________________________
		SCENE
			A couple days passed the valley by. In Redbridge, the gang coalesced at Trey's house. His dad was out for the day, so Trey was hosting everyone as they chilled. Chloe and Bea were sat next to travel bags.
			"I'm gonna miss you guys." Amy said wistfully. "Now I have to spend my nights out with these losers!"
			She gestured at Connor and Trey, who both bowed sarcastically. The others laughed.
			"I'll miss you too honey - but it's only for 2 weeks." Bea smiled.
			"Wish I got 2 weeks off." Trey joked. "I only get Christmas and New Years off."
			Connor chuckled. "You think that's bad, my job is 24/7/365."
			"What job's that?" Trey asked, eyebrows raised.
			"Putting up with you."
			The gang chuckled at the usual banter.
			"How are you guys getting back, then?" Amy asked.
			"Connor has kindly offered to drive us back to our houses." Bea nodded.
			"Aww, what a gent." Trey grinned. "Where do you guys live again?"
			"Marlingham." they both answered, grinning.
			"...Where the fuck is Marlingham?" Trey laughed.
			"Near Swindon." Connor smirked. "What time did yous want to leave?"
			"I suppose, we'd better get ready to go now." Chloe looked at her phone. "It's 14:57 now, if we don't leave soon we'll be driving there in the dark."
			She looked up at Connor. "Are you going to be okay getting back down?"
			"Yeah, I'll be fine - it's only a 3 hour drive." Connor nodded. Chloe shook her head.
			"You can stay round mine if you like? We have enough room." she said, trying not to come off like she was bragging.
			"You sure? I'd have to get Sparky somewhere to stay..."
			"You can bring Sparky if you like!" she cut in. "We have a dog at home, it'd be lovely to see them get on."
			She blushed subtly, while Connor smiled obliviously. "Okay, let's get ready to go."
			He motioned to Sparky. "Come on boy, you're coming with us!" 
			Sparky looked up, half-asleep. "I'm coming too? Okay."
			Chloe chuckled. "He's so expressive - it's almost like he's talking."
			Connor smiled. Amy stood up and hugged both girls.
			"I'll see you both really soon... Have a good Christmas break!" she said emotionally.
			"Thank you... you too." Bea said, hugging back.
			"See you soon, have a great Christmas and new years!" Chloe joined in.
			Trey stood too. "See you soon! Merry Christmas!" he smiled. Chloe and Bea responded in kind, and they, Connor, and Sparky, headed to Connor's car.

			After dropping Bea off, they continued on to Chloe's. Connor was driving, Chloe was in the front seat, and Sparky was curled up in the back, fast asleep. Chloe turned around and looked over at him.
			"Haha, bless him..." she said softly. Connor looked in his rear-view mirror and smiled.
			"Hah, aww." he agreed.
			"Thanks again for the lift, by the way." she smiled. "I hope it's not too much trouble."
			"Nah, not at all." he smiled back. "If it was, I wouldn't offer. It probably sounds weird, but I like giving people lifts. Makes me feel useful."
			"I get that." she shrugged. "I'd be the same, if I drove more."
			"Would you want a car?" Connor tilted his head. "I can probably get you a good deal from the workshop - we do the odd sale here and there."
			Chloe smiled. "Nah, it's okay."
			She paused for a moment. "To be honest, I'm... I'm kinda nervous about driving. I mean, I've got a daytime driver's license, but..."
			"But?" Connor asked, ecouragingly.
			"Well, I always worry. I mean, even ignoring the fact I'm short-sighted, I... I get so terrified of having a seizure while on the road. I haven't even had one in half a year, but still... If that happened and, God forbid, I crashed into someone..."
			"I get that." Connor smiled softly. "Well, it's a good thing you have a mate who likes giving people lifts, eh?"
			She chuckled. "Yeah. I guess you have some uses."
			As soon as she said it, she panicked, worrying she'd been insulting. She went to apologise, but was interrupted by a laugh.
			"Shit, you've been hanging out with us for too long. Your banter's getting good." he grinned.
			She smirked, relaxed.
			He turned his head to her slightly, eyes still on the road. "So, how's work going? Sorry, I meant to ask earlier."
			"It's alright." Chloe said, smiling. "We, uh... We had a particularly weird thing the other day though."
			"What's that?" Connor asked.
			Chloe hesitated. "Okay, don't tell anyone this, promise?"
			"Nah. I'm gonna break into the local news station and spill the beans." he snarked. "I promise."
			She rolled her eyes and chuckled. "So... We're working with the police, on that 'Werewolf' case I told you about..."
			Connor leant in, listening intently.
			"We had another autopsy come through... it was another giant. This time though, it had some weird implants - stuff I've never seen before. My boss had them sent over to this company called Eidolon--"
			"Eidolon Dynamics?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Yeah. You know about them?"
			"They're..." he began, choosing his words. "They're a supplier of PaladinCorp. I, uh... I did my homework on them, is all."
			"God... I hope they're not planning to turn any of this stuff into a weapon."
			"Sounds like it's already a weapon." he shrugged. "I heard the story - the Werewolf up against a cyborg, or something."
			"More or less." she shrugged. "These mutants are bad enough without adding cybernetic components to the mix."
			"Mutants?" he pressed. He hated doing this, but... he needed to know more.
			"They, um... the people who take that serum - it changes them. On a fundamental genetic level. We found 47 chromosomes in their genomes - humans have 46. They have an entire extra one. The 'giants' are even worse - they've been twisted, somehow. Two hearts, adrenal glands the size of tomatoes... Ah, I'm rambling." she caught herself.
			"Nah, it's fine." he smiled. "That's... wow. I mean, that just means the Werewolf must be something else, right? If he could take on that... thing."
			"Yeah... just the sight of the giant's crushed head. Whatever did that was beyond human. Nothing in our lab could have done that, and we've got tools specifically for cutting up dead bodies. Whatever this Werewolf is, he's scary." Chloe shuddered again.
			"Well, scary, sure... but, well, I'm not justifying his methods, but when he took out Hughes... I've gotta say, I'll shed no tears for that man." Connor said, trying to avoid praising himself too much.
			"Who?" Chloe asked.
			"Ah. He was a real bastard. He sold kids. The Werewolf took him down in one of his warehouses, so I'm told." Connor said, remembering the incident.
			"Oh yeah, I remember - that's where we learned the Werewolf could survive Chlorine gas." Chloe replied. "Well, scumbags like that I can understand, but still... that's what the law is for." she said, unsure of her words.
			"Well, there's the law... and then there's plain old right and wrong." Connor shrugged. Chloe nodded.
			"You have a good point there... I just, I never thought a uni placement would get me involved in something this intense..." she shook her head. "But my professor pulled some strings - guess I'm lucky to be the one they trust with this."
			Connor hesitated. "So, this may be a dumb question - but did the Werewolf have 47 chromosomes too?"
			"I wish." Chloe chuckled. "Wanna know how many chromosomes we found in his DNA?"
			"How many?" Connor asked, hiding his fear.
			"61." she replied. "I know, it sounds like I'm lying, but I swear it's true."
			Connor used all his willpower to avoid appearing shocked.
			"61?" he said, aghast. "That's not even close to human, right?"
			"It's worse than that." Chloe continued, unaware. "Chromosomes typically have a load of DNA shared between them. That means, even if I only have 1 chromosome, I can compare it and tell what species it came from. But the Werewolf's chromosomes - most of them have completely separate markers. As though they evolved completely independent of each other - and of any life on Earth."
			"Are you saying he's an alien?" Connor asked, shocked.
			"I... I can't rule it out." Chloe admitted. "But he's not human, that's for sure."
			Connor paused, deep in thought, his hearts racing. He was shaken from his panic by the GPS.
			The car turned, and they pulled into Chloe's house's driveway.

		Drive to Chloe's/case discussion
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Outside was an older man in his early fifties - Chloe's father. His short, salt-and-pepper hair was brushed backwards neatly, while his face was framed by short stubble. He waved at the car. Chloe, Connor, and Sparky exited. Connor took Sparky's lead as Chloe approached him.
			"Chloe!" he said, smiling.
			"Hey dad!" she replied, hugging him.
			Connor approached with Sparky.
			"Hello, Mr. Derrington - I'm Connor. Lovely to meet you!" he said politely, shaking her dad's hand.
			"Lovely to meet you Connor. Call me William." he smiled, and looked at Sparky. "And who's this big man?! Hello!" he said, as Sparky sniffed his hand.
			"Hello! I'm Spartacus, but most people call me Sparky. How are you? Are you part of Chloe's pack?" he asked.
			"Hah! He's a chatty one, isn't he?!" William shouted happily.
			"Hah, he sure is." Chloe nodded in agreement, smiling. "Come on, let's go inside - I'm freezing out here."
			The group entered the house. Connor stood in awe in the hallway - he'd never been somewhere so fancy. A massive, golden and glass chandelier dangled from the ceiling. The floor was beautiful marble. Connor took his shoes off.
			"You okay?" Chloe asked, comfortingly.
			"Yeah, just... Wow." he said at last.
			"Hah, and you thought my apartment was posh." she jested. They both laughed and headed into the living room. Chloe's mother along with her older brother were sat down in there. The living room was almost as spacious as the hallway, boasting several sofas and chairs, and a truly massive TV with speakers around it. Connor felt as though he'd entered not a house, but a palace.
			"Connor, this is my mum, Catherine, and my older brother, Victor. Mum, Victor, this is Connor."
			"Pleased to meet you both!" Connor said, smiling. He offered his hand out to be shaken, but neither took it - they simply looked him up and down. Finally, Catherine spoke. She stood with a cool, deliberate grace - her shoulder-length black hair styled impeccably, framing a pale, lightly freckled face and sharp greenish-brown eyes that swept over Connor with quiet judgment. Her cheeks had a slight crease to them, as though her face was so used to sneering, it had moulded itself into that expression. She was very thin - almost sinew and bone. She looked similar to Chloe, but the way they carried themselves could not have been more different.
			"Welcome to my house, Connor." she said curtly. Chloe rolled her eyes. Sparky came in wagging his tail. He prepared to greet the two, but Victor recoiled in fear.
			"Eugh, get that thing back! What on Earth?!" he said, disgusted. "Why do you have a thing like that?! It should be on a muzzle!"
			Victor's face was curled in horror, exacerbated by his pale skin. His eyebrows were thick, like fuzzy black caterpillars, and his hair was parted in the middle, hanging over his temples.
			Catherine's face turned from contemptuous to scowling. "Chloe, what on Earth is that thing doing in here?!"
			"Hey! This is Sparky, and he's Connor's dog. I told you we'd be bringing Connor's dog - and for the record, no, he doesn't need to wear a muzzle." she said, her eyes aflame with indignation. Sparky looked up at Chloe with sad eyes, his ears down, and his tail lowered.
			"Did I do something wrong?" he asked her.
			"Shh, it's okay." she said, stroking his head. William entered. At his entry, both Victor and Catherine's expressions changed to one of faux-smiles.
			"Anyway." Chloe said, exasperated. "I'm going to go unpack. Connor, would you like to help?" she turned to him.
			Connor, who hadn't said anything since introducing himself and being scorned, opened his mouth. "Yes, of course." he smiled. Chloe lead him to her room, Sparky following in tow. They entered her room, and Connor put down her bag. Chloe laid on her bed face-down and groaned.
			Connor took a moment to take in the surroundings. He thought her room in her apartment was nice, but this room was basically an apartment on its own.
			She sighed, and turned over to face him. "I wasn't kidding when I said she was a real piece of work."
			Connor chuckled. "It's okay. I'm sorry if I came across as rude there."
			"You? No, *I'm* sorry my mother is a total raging cow." Chloe replied, angrily. "And Victor... How we shared a womb, I'll never know."
			Connor chuckled at that remark. "It's funny, isn't it? Amy and I share no blood, yet we're practically identical people. Whereas he's your brother, but... well, not to speak out of turn, but he certainly seems different to you."
			"You have *no* idea..." Chloe replied, groaning. "He's engaged to some lady or something who's 20-something in line to the throne, and by god he won't shut up about it."
			"Wait. As in, the British throne?"
			"Yep. Lady Vivienne Branbury-Addington." she rolled her eyes.
			"...I guess he has a thing for inbreds."
			Chloe burst out laughing. "Oh, if he annoys me, I am *sooo* using that..." she grinned.
			With that, they finished unpacking, and braced themselves to head downstairs. Sparky pawed at Connor's leg.
			"I'll be down in a sec." Connor said, and Chloe nodded and carried on. He knelt next to Sparky.
			"What's up?" he whispered, not wanting anyone to hear him talking to his dog like a madman.
			"I don't like this place. Chloe's sad here." Sparky whimpered.
			"I know..." Connor replied, stroking Sparky's ear. "But she'll be okay. She'll be back down with us soon."
			Sparky smiled, and the two headed downstairs. There, Chloe was entering the house with a border collie.
			"This is Luna, she's our dog... say hi, Luna!" Chloe smiled. Luna approached Sparky, who was easily thrice her size if not more, with a certain timidity. Sparky assumed a play stance.
			"Hi! I'm Sparky! Do you want to be my friend?" he asked. Luna barked happily.
			"Aww, they're talking!" Chloe beamed.
			"Hahah - what's she saying, buddy?" Connor asked, playing it off like he's joking.
			"She's not using words - I think she's happy though!" Sparky replied, apparently unable to speak Dog the way he spoke English.
			The two canines headed out into the garden and began to play-chase each other. Sparky avoided using his superhuman-uh, super-canine speed to make it fair.
			Connor and Chloe looked out, smiling. William entered.
			"Right, Victor and your mother have gone to bed." William said, the embarrassment palpable. His wife and son may not have cared what Connor thought of them, but he was clearly ashamed to have had a house guest, let alone a friend of Chloe's, treated so poorly.
			"Just like that? They didn't even say goodnight?" Chloe asked, sadly.
			"I'm sorry, sweetheart..." William sighed. "Your grandad's in bed too, but that's normal. Sveta will be here tomorrow morning."
			At the mention of seeing Sveta, Chloe visibly cheered up.
			"Anyway, Connor?" William continued.
			Connor looked up.
			"We've made you a bed in one of the spare rooms - it's third on the right upstairs." he said. Connor smiled.
			"Thank you, William - and thanks for letting me stay tonight." Connor nodded respectfully.
			"No, no - thank you for driving Chloe. It's good to know she has reliable friends down in Drackhill." William smiled.
			"My pleasure, sir." Connor nodded again. 
			William was clearly impressed. He gave a nod of approval to Chloe.
			"Right, I'm going to go to bed. I'll see you all in the morning. That door has a dog door on it - though I doubt yours will fit." he chuckled at the thought of Sparky trying to squeeze through the door.
			"Good point - Sparky! Come on!" Connor called for him, and Sparky came in smiling.
			"There's a dog bed in your room, too - though, if you normally let him sleep on the bed with you, you can do that here too. Just don't tell Catherine." William smirked. Connor chuckled and nodded gratefully.

		At Chloe's house
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The next morning, Connor awoke. He yawned - that bed was very soft. Not as soft as Chloe's bed in her apartment, but maybe that was just because he had her with him... he snapped out of it. No time for daydreaming about her.
			He re-made the bed, morphed a fresh set of clothes, and headed downstairs. He smelled bacon. He walked into the kitchen, seeing a middle-aged woman in a nurse's outfit, cooking. A network of lined, aged scars crisscrossed around her arm and neck. She didn't appear to be part of the family.
			"Oh... Good morning! I don't think we've met. I'm Connor." he said, greeting her.
			"Oh, hello! Uh, I'm Svetlana. Svetlana Popova." she replied. Connor nodded respectfully.
			Chloe came downstairs shortly after. She was wearing soft pyjamas, and had bed-hair. She rushed over, and pulled Sveta in for a hug, who returned the embrace.
			"[I've missed you so much! How have you been?]" she said, in perfect Russian. 
			"[Oh, I've missed you too, dorogaya! I'm fine, how's school?]" Sveta replied, smiling warmly.
			"[Good, good! I'm not learning anything, as usual!]" Chloe smirked.
			Sveta laughed. "[Haha! As it should be.]"
			Connor looked at Chloe, amazed. "I didn't know you spoke Russian!" he said. She smiled.
			"Well, we have Russian family. But mainly, I learned it for Sveta."
			She gestured to Sveta, who nodded and smiled.
			"She is a good girl. Very bright." Sveta said, this time in English. "You are her friend?"
			"Uh, yes, we're friends." Connor said. Chloe smiled.
			She turned to Sveta, sipping her coffee. "[Sveta, dorogaya, this is very nice!]"
			As she said this, Catherine appeared.
			"Chloe, in case you've forgotten, we speak English in this country." she frowned. Sveta silently scoffed.
			"Wow, sorry I took the effort to learn your parents' language." Chloe replied, rolling her eyes.
			"Maybe if you put more effort into school, you wouldn't be studying in a dump like Drackhill." Catherine retorted, scowling.
			Connor, sipping a coffee Sveta made for him, nodded thankfully at her. "Good morning, Mrs. Derrington." he began.
			Catherine ignored him.
			Chloe turned to face her. "First, Drackhill isn't a bad school - especially not for Biotech. Second, a city isn't bad just because it's poor. I've only just got back home and I've already had it to the back teeth with your classism!"
			"Classism?! I am trying to ensure my children have the best life they can! Sorry if that makes me a bad mother!" Catherine snapped back. Both women were now openly scowling at each other.
			"Chloe..." Connor said, trying to calm her, but she was fired up.
			"No, what made you a bad mother was being ashamed of me for being disabled, when you were the one filling your body with god-knows-what - or god-knows-who."
			"Do not take the Lord's name in vain!" Catherine shouted. "And how dare you speak to me like that! I am your mother!"
			With that, William came down the stairs. "Enough!" he shouted. Both women stopped, but continued scowling at each other. 
			He walked in to the room. "Catherine, we have guests here. I will not have you arguing with our daughter in front of them."
			With that, Catherine's face scrunched - if she were a dog, she'd have snarled there - and she stormed off, heading back upstairs.
			"I'm sorry..." Chloe said, her face red. She turned to face Connor. "Connor, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have been like that in front of you." 
			Connor smiled gently. "It's okay. Hey, it's okay." Chloe moved in and hugged him. He returned it.
			William sighed. "I'm sorry, Connor. Catherine has been so rude to you."
			Connor shrugged. "It's okay. Honestly, that bed was so comfy - it's a fair trade." he smirked, eliciting a chuckle from William and Chloe.
			"Are you staying for breakfast?" William asked.
			"I'd love to." Connor nodded. William and Chloe smiled. Sveta finished making breakfast, and brought Oliver in on a wheelchair.
			Chloe hugged him. "Hi, grandad!" she smiled.
			"Hello, dear! You're looking very well!" he said loudly. His voice was hoarse, and his eyes were clouded by cataracts.
			Chloe turned. "Connor, this is my grandad, Oliver." she smiled.
			Connor put his hand out. "Hello, Oliver! How are you?"
			"Hello there, young man!" Oliver said, taking Connor's hand. "You're growing up so fast. How is school going?"
			Connor tilted his head slightly, and William rubbed the bridge of his nose. Chloe leaned in.
			"He thinks you're Victor - no offence." she whispered. "Just go along with it."
			Connor nodded. "School's going well!" he said, putting on a posher voice. Chloe, Sveta, and William chuckled quietly at his impression.
			Once finished, Connor walked to his car with Sparky. As he approached his car, Chloe followed him. Now having a moment to themselves, she blushed.
			"I'm sorry about earlier... I just, I'm fed up with her. She acts like she's the mother from heaven and I'm the daughter from hell."
			Connor smiled softly. "It's okay. Really, it is. Besides, like I said, my uncle's in prison. It's not like I can sit in judgement on other people's family dynamics. Holier-than-thou doesn't suit me."
			Chloe chuckled. "Well, at least your uncle sounds alright. Hey, speaking of... Last night, you said there's the law, and then there's right and wrong. I... I didn't mean to imply that I was judging you and your uncle." she said, looking down shyly.
			"Oh? I didn't even think of that - it's okay." Connor smiled. Chloe looked relieved.
			"That's good." she smiled. "I was worried that it might come off as some... I don't know, like I was trying to insult you in the subtext? Which I wasn't, to be clear." she stammered.
			"Oh, god, don't do that - you wanna insult me, your best bet is just saying it openly. You know me and subtext." Connor chuckled. Chloe smirked.
			"Hah, forgot about that. I'll bear that in mind." she said. "To be honest, it's refreshing."
			"Oh?"
			"Well... I don't have to worry about subtext with you. I know that when you say something, there's no hidden meaning. And I don't have to worry about how you'll take something I say, either." she explained.
			"I guess being autistic as all hell has some advantages." Connor quipped.
			Both laughed at that, and she bade him farewell with a hug.

		Morning at Chloe's
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"And... done!" Shannon smiled, switching on the small device she'd been tinkering on.
			"So... okay, explain it again, but this time, like I'm a baby." Tommy grinned.
			"It's... put simply, it's a magnetic lockpick." she explained. "As in, if you press it against a magnetic lock, it delivers a current strong enough to unlock it for a moment. The current fries it though, so you'd need to take it back here for me to repair it and make it usable again."
			"Still handy, though." Tommy nodded. "Nice work, kid. How many do you reckon you could make before Thursday?"
			She stroked her chin. "At least 15. Maybe more."
			Tommy grinned. "That's perfect. Patriots won't know what hit 'em."
			She smiled. "Um... would the Werewolf need any?"
			"He can lift cars above his head - I think he'll be fine."
			At that, the door opened.
			"Speak of the devil." Tommy chuckled. "Alright, mate?"
			"Hey." Connor nodded, clad in his costume and holding a laptop. "Oh, hi, Shannon!"
			"H-hi!" she waved awkwardly. "Uh... nice mask!"
			He smiled, and his cheekbones visibly moved with it. Trey was right - a bit of expressiveness could go a long way.
			"Got this from tonight's raid. It's encrypted - but there are some files I need access to."
			Tommy leaned back into his chair. "You're not taking it back to yours?"
			"The Horse was closer." he shrugged. "There should be a USB here somewhere - it'll break past the encryption."
			"Right here." Shannon smiled, pulling the device from her pocket. "I can take a look, if you like?"
			Connor tilted his head. "I... I appreciate that, but it's fine. This is Syndicate business."
			"That's okay!" she cut in. "I've been helping out, around here."
			Connor paused. "You've been hacking for us?"
			"Yeah! Tommy said we needed a tech specialist, so... I'm your girl!"
			Connor's gaze turned back to Tommy, squinting slightly. "Um... Shannon, give us a minute, if that's okay?"
			"Uh--yeah, sure, no problem." she stammered, rising and leaving.
			"What's the problem?" Tommy asked.
			"The 'problem' is that I didn't send her to you to get involved in... our world." Connor sighed.
			"I know." Tommy nodded. "Believe it or not, she came to me. She said she was inspired by you, and wanted to do some good. And, well, my *other* computer nerd is a bit busy nowadays running around in a kevlar bodysuit."
			Connor looked away. "This is dangerous, Tommy. I mean, the Patriots are one thing, but Paladin? The Optimates?"
			"She's well aware of the risks, Connor. It's her choice."
			He hesitated, but released his shoulders, and headed back outside.
			Shannon was sat at a desk, browsing through the now-unencrypted files.
			"Oh, hi." she said nervously. "Is everything okay?"
			He smiled softly. "Yeah, it's fine. Just... this is really dangerous, you know? Working with us--with *me...* it puts a target on your back."
			"I'm already a target in this city." she countered. "I wouldn't've been kicked out and getting mugged if I wasn't... well, me. And *you* saved me, remember? And if I can do just a little something to make your job easier, to take just a little bit of weight off your shoulders - then that means I'm helping you save other people just like me."
			Connor sighed, but his eyes betrayed his pride. "When we last met, you said you were studying computing - not that you were a hacker."
			"Well..." she sheepishly admitted, "I've always been a tinkerer. And when I started at the workshop, I found a bunch of tools left by Connor - uh, the last techie - so I got a bit curious, started studying them, and now... well, it turns out I have a knack for it."
			Connor smiled. "You're sure you wanna do this?"
			"I'm sure. You can help people by beating up bad guys and saving the day. I can help by doing *this.*"
			He thought about it for a moment, and then nodded.
			"Well then... Welcome to the team, Shannon."
			"Glad to be here." she smiled warmly. "By the way, do I get a cool codename too?"
			"Maybe later." he grinned.

		Shannon joins the team

	Families
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			July, 2013. The morning after Connor misunderstood Yaz's wishes.
			She woke up in her bed. The man next to her - Elliot - gave her a kiss.
			"I'm gonna go get a drink." she whispered. "You want one?"
			He shook his head. "I'll sneak out the back."
			She chuckled, and went downstairs.
			"Busy night?" Nina asked, grinning and sipping her coffee.
			Yaz jumped out of her skin. "Oh, I--"
			"You know..." Nina sighed. "It's a little weird that he's hiding up there. I'm not even a qualified cop yet - I'm not gonna arrest a boy for dating you." she grinned.
			Yaz laughed nervously. "Y-yeah, I know, it's just..."
			Nina rolled her eyes. With that, a knock on the door.
			"I'll get it - you're barely dressed." Nina chuckled, rising. She opened the door, and there stood Connor, holding some flowers and chocolates.
			"Oh, hi!" he began. "Y-you must be Nina, Yaz's sister? I'm Connor, her boyfriend. Is she in?"
			Nina tilted her head. "Um, no you're not. Can I help you?"
			Connor's eyes darted around, unsure. "Uh, pretty sure I am? I, um--Sorry, I know I'm unnanounced. I think I made a bit of a faux-pas last night, and I wanted to make it up to her. Can you--Can you give these to her, and say I'm sorry?" he asked, handing her the gifts.
			Nina folded her arms. "What did you do?"
			"Oh, um--" Connor went slightly red. "I think she wanted to hang out as just the two of us, but I misunderstood and had my friend come round. It was my fault, I--I should've realised what she meant."
			Nina tilted her head, before making the connection. "Uh, Yaz? There's someone here for you!"
			Yaz arrived, and went pale upon seeing him. "Oh, Connor, I--" she stammered.
			"Hi, Yaz!" he said cheerfully. "Listen, I... I'm sorry about last night. I misread the signals, and that's on me. I just wanted to give you these--" he handed her the gifts, "--and say I'm sorry."
			Yaz trembled at this, absently taking the gifts. "Oh, I... Thanks." she finally said.
			Nina looked at her, shocked.
			Connor paused, before nodding. "I, um... If you want, we can go out today? There's this faire on in the park I saw - might be nice?"
			She looked at him, with a deep sadness in her eyes. "I, uh... No, sorry, I think I'm busy today."
			"Okay!" Connor smiled. "Well, maybe some other time?"
			"Sure." Yaz looked away, before going inside. Nina looked at her, and shook her head.
			With that, Elliot came out from the garden gate, arriving in the driveway half-naked. He went pale upon seeing Connor.
			"Oh." Connor tilted his head. "Morning, Elliot."
			Yaz began hyperventilating, as Nina facepalmed.
			"Wait..." Connor began, connecting the dots. "No." he shook his head.
			"Connor, I--" Yaz began.
			"You didn't." Connor said, chuckling mirthlessly. "You didn't do that. I know you didn't. I *trust* you Yaz, I *love* you - I know you didn't do that. Tell me you didn't, yeah?"
			Nina stepped out, placing herself between them. "Okay. Let's just all take a breath, yeah?"
			Yaz looked away in shame. Connor took a deep breath.
			"Sorry, mate." Elliot grinned. "Guess she just wanted a real man."
			Connor looked up, and marched over to him. He went to raise his fists, but whispered. "No." to himself.
			With that, Elliot launched a punch into Connor's gut. Nina's face hardened as she rushed over, but Connor responded by delivering a haymaker to his jaw, knocking him to the ground.
			Yaz began openly crying now, as Connor took a deep breath.
			"Alright, enough!" Nina barked. "Connor, go home - now."
			Connor looked up, and nodded silently. He looked over at Yaz. He wanted to say something - but couldn't find the words. He sighed, and left.

		Connor catches Yaz
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The sky seemed almost determined to make this morning as miserable as possible. Slushy, cold sleet pelted down into the valley. Despite this, it failed to ruin the Barrett's morning.
			After all, it was Christmas.
			Connor, Amy, and Sparky stood outside the prison. A buzzer went off, and Vince came out. 
			Amy ran over to embrace him.
			"Vince! Oh, I've missed you..." she said.
			"Oh, I have missed you so much, sweetheart." Vince replied, returning the embrace. He released her, and pulled Connor in for a bear hug.
			"Good to see you again, lad." he said.
			Connor returned the embrace, and replied "Missed you." while smiling.
			"And who's this?!" Vince said, facing Sparky, his face full of glee. "Good boy! Very well behaved, waiting to say hi! Come on!"
			With that, Sparky jumped up and began to lick Vince's face.
			"Hello! Hi! I'm Sparky! You're part of Connor's pack, which means we're family! Hello!"
			"Hah! Well, hello to you too! What a chatty boy!" Vince said, hearing only barks and yaps.
			With that, the group headed home for Christmas dinner. Vince ate heartily, enjoying the break from prison food.
			"This is amazing! Who made this?" he asked between mouthfuls.
			"Uh, well..." Amy began shyly. "The shop made it. Pre-stuffed turkey. I just put it in the oven."
			"Hah! Wonders of modern society, eh? Good lass." Vince said, beaming with pride. Amy smiled happily.
			"You've done well for yourself." Vince smiled. "Much nicer than that dinky flat."
			"It's like our old house, isn't it?" Amy nodded.
			"Sparky needed the garden, anyway." Connor smiled back. "And Amy was getting tired of my snoring."
			"Oh yeah, I fully just use your room as a dumping ground now." she snarked.
			Vince laughed. "The garden's lovely, too. For a wolfdog, he's so well behaved - I'm surprised he hasn't torn this place to shreds."
			"I get plenty of excercise!" Sparky yapped happily, having greedily devoured his own bowl. He was now shamelessly begging for more food.
			"Amy..." he began, targeting the weakest link. "I'm so hungry... Connor never feeds me..."
			His pupils had almost engulfed his brilliant yellow irises.
			Amy chuckled. Connor gave her a subtle nod.
			"Go on, then, buddy. Only one, okay?" she said, giving him a sausage that was practically inhaled. She hesitated, giggled, and gave him another.
			It was never really "only one" with him.
			Once the eating was done, Amy played a song on her guitar to everyone.
			"Wow." Vince said at last, almost crying. "I remember when you first played guitar, when you were wee."
			"Yeah, it was terrible." Connor grinned. "And look at you now."
			"Fuck you." she grinned. She may well have been the only person on Earth who could say that with such warmth.
			"So?" Vince piped up. "Any other news with yous?"
			"Oh, well, I've got a trial shift just after new years at a dog shelter." Amy began.
			"Oh yeah, I remember you saying." Connor nodded.
			"If she needs any tips on how we think, just let me know." Sparky grinned while nursing his full belly. Connor chuckled.
			"Aside from that... nothing much." she said softly.

			Connor stood outside with Sparky, as he did his business in the garden.
			"Hey, bud." he began.
			"Hello!" Sparky replied, smiling. "That food was really nice! Can we have Christmas every year?"
			"Haha! Yeah, don't worry - Christmas is a yearly thing." Connor replied.
			"Yay! I can't wait until next year!" Sparky yapped, excited.
			"Haha, good... Hey, there's something I want to do, but I won't do it if you don't want to."
			"What's that?" Sparky asked, tilting his head.
			"...I'm going to tell Vince about us. I mean, about what we really are."
			"Okay!" Sparky said, as nonchalantly as a talking wolf could.
			"That's it? You're not... scared?" Connor asked, surprised.
			"He's part of our pack, isn't he? He'll be happy to learn more about us, then."
			"Hah, I guess you're right..." Connor replied, deep in thought. He headed back inside.
			"Um... Vince?" he began, nervously.
			"Everything okay, lad?" Vince asked.
			"I... I need to show you something."
			"What is it?" he tilted his head.
			"So... I don't suppose you've heard about this mutant vigilante - I think they call him the Werewolf?" Connor asked timidly.
			"Where are you going with this?"
			Amy gave Connor a knowing nod of tacit approval.
			Connor didn't answer. Instead, he activated his morphing powers. His clothes turned black and melted into a tar-like substance, covering his body completely. The tar hardened, forming itself into his kevlar bodysuit - the costume now famously associated with the Werewolf. Vince turned pale. Connor un-morphed the mask, so his head became exposed. He sighed.
			"I'm sorry, I wanted to tell you sooner..."
			"Connor... Connor, my sweet lad... Who did this to you?" Vince asked, tears forming in his eyes.
			"I don't know yet." Connor replied, choking back tears. "But I'm going to find out."
			"Did you know?" he asked Amy.
			"Yeah." she admitted. "I found out last month."
			"How?"
			"I, uh... accidentally shapeshifted in front of her." Connor explained nonchalantly. "Um... long story."
			"Who else knows?" Vince stammered.
			"Tommy. Trey found out a couple of nights ago. And I have a contact in the KGB who knows my real name, too."
			Vince leant against a wall, deep in consideration.
			"So..." he began. "You're the Werewolf? The one that killed Hughes?"
			"I..." Connor looked down, ashamed. "Yes."
			Vince paused for a moment, deep in thought. Then, he looked Connor in the eye.
			"Connor, my boy..." he said, tears now openly streaming down his face - but tears of pride. "You did good. You did very, *very* good."
			"I killed a man! Not just that, but I've been lying to everyone I care about! How can you be okay with this?!" Connor asked, crying now, practically begging to be condemned by his loved ones - begging for them to feel about him the way he felt about himself. 
			But Vince denied this with a simple embrace.
			"You didn't kill a man." he whispered. "You saved hundreds of young kids who were being trafficked by a monster. There are children who haven't been snatched from their mothers because of what you did. How could I ever judge you for that?"
			"But I can't keep lying to people! Not to the people I love!" Connor sobbed.
			Vince stroked his head comfortingly. "I know. I know it's hard, son."
			Amy gave a gentle smile. "Lying to people is never nice. But ask yourself - what would happen if people knew?"
			"They would cut you up." Vince said, gravely. "No. I will not let that happen to you. I lost you once, my lad. I almost lost you when I got nicked. I will not lose you again."
			Connor smiled, surprised at their acceptance. "Thank you both... Thank you so much. I just... I needed to tell the truth to someone."
			"Connor..." Vince smiled warmly. "I won't tell a soul. Your secret is safe, lad. Just... Be safe. And find the bastards that did this to you. Don't let them do it to anyone else."
			"I won't. Thank you..." Connor replied, smiling.
			Sparky barked. "See! I told you he'd understand!"
			"Oh yeah, Sparky can talk." Amy added.
			"WHAT?!" Vince gasped.
			The kids laughed giddily, and sat back down.

			Another hour passed, and Vince hugged his children, before going back to prison. Once he left, Amy and Connor sat down in the kitchen, missing him already. Sparky nuzzled between them.
			"That went well." Amy smiled.
			"Yeah." Connor nodded. "I just... I'm sick of lying."
			"I know..." she sighed. "But you can't tell people. Telling Vince was okay, but this needs to stay secret."
			"I know, I know..." Connor leant back.
			"Anyway... How are things going?" she asked.
			"We found out the name of the cabal we're fighting." he shrugged.
			"Who are they?"
			"They're called the Optimates." he began. "A conspiracy of the ruling class. Corporate fascists."
			"Holy shit." Amy turned pale. "And they're the ones making superhumans?"
			"Yeah." Connor nodded. "Some kind of ubermensch bullshit, only it somehow worked."
			"Doesn't make any sense." Amy shook her head. "Fascists never read to me as very clever or logical. There was a documentary I saw the other night about Mengele - he wasn't a mad scientist, he was just mad."
			"They probably stole whatever it is they know. Or they have ties to a laboratory that *is* staffed with clever people."
			"You say that like you know something..." Amy tilted her head.
			"Yeah... it gets worse."
			"How can it get worse than fascist super-soldiers?" she groaned.
			His face turned serious. "Chloe."
			"She knows?"
			"No. But she's working at that big genetics company in Belson, right? And they've got her working on the Werewolf case, studying the various superhuman DNA they've found. And the company she works for... They're connected to the Optimates." Connor said, his expression grim.
			Amy's face turned pale. "Oh my god... but why? I mean, she's only a uni placement student - why would they have her working such an important case?"
			"That's what I wondered when I found out. I mean, she's brilliant in biotechnology, but still... We think they put her there as a human shield." Connor replied, his voice cold.
			"What do you mean?" Amy asked.
			"Well, I have a tendency to smash the places connected to them. If she's there, there's no way I'm starting a fight there. Whatever it is they're doing at Morland Genetics, they need me to stay out of it. And I can't look into it without putting her at risk. I can't even tell her without putting her at risk."
			"That, or they're using her as bait." Amy added, her face betraying fear. "If she's involved, you're going to be focused on Morland. Maybe something's going to happen there, and they can hold her ransom through that."
			Connor slumped into his chair, pale as a ghost. "Whatever the reason is, it cannot be a good one. And it's all because of me..."
			"No." Amy interrupted. "It's because of who-the-fuck these people are. Do *not* cut them any slack here. I know you have feelings for Chloe, deny it all you like. But she's my friend too. And I will not let these bastards hurt her. Which means..." Amy paused for breath. "It means you need to find out what's going on. They've put her in harms way to stop you from learning something, right? So, learn it. The most dangerous place for Chloe right now is at arm's reach. It is not safe to let them continue. So, don't let them." she said authoritatively.
			Connor sighed, a mix of relief and fear. "I won't." he vowed.
			"But what I said before still stands. Do not tell her, or anyone else." she said firmly. "This day and age, the walls don't just have eyes - they have ears and noses too. All it takes is for one person you've told to slip up - not even betraying you, just making one mistake at the wrong moment - for this whole thing to collapse. As long as these bastards are out there, this has to remain under wraps."
			"I won't tell anyone else." Connor nodded, accepting the situation as it was.

			He hesitated, but cleared his throat.
			"I, uh... I wanna show you both something."
			Amy tilted her head as he stood. He clicked the button in the drawers, and pulled down the fridge.
			"What... what's this?" she asked, amazed.
			He opened up the wardrobe, and stepped aside.
			"Not all superheroes can afford a private cave." he snarked. "This is my storage space."
			She looked up at the Crusader-pattern powersuit, grinning giddily. "I thought you made your own costume?"
			"That's a spare, in case I lose my powers." he shrugged. "Anyway... the main thing was on here."
			He logged into the computer. "Remember how you asked me to do some digging? About your mum?"
			She nodded.
			"I found this."
			He brought up a photograph of two people - a young woman, and an older man.
			"Who are they?" she asked.
			"Your mum, and her dad." he said softly.
			She sat down, looking closer. Without thinking, her hand reached out, gently burushing her mother's face.
			"I... I've never seen a photo of her before."
			"Dr. Zhao Mei. She graduated medical school a few years before you were born." Connor explained. "I couldn't find any information on who your father was, but..."
			"But?"
			Connor hesitated. "There's, um... there's something you need to know about your grandad."
			He pressed a few buttons, pulling up a profile.
			"Dr. Zhao Liang. Biochemist from the PRC. He and your mum moved here after his wife - your nan - passed away. And the weird thing is, he went off-grid completely after you were born. But it gets worse - not only do I kind of recognise him, but the name - Dr. Zhao - I heard it before. When I was being tortured."
			"Are you kidding me?!" Amy gasped. "You knew someone in my family was involved?"
			"Amy, 2% of everyone in China has the surname Zhao. You're not connected to all of them."
			She sighed. "Sorry, just... this is a lot to process."
			"If it helps, I don't think he was invovled willingly." Connor smiled softly. "But he vanished right after your birth. I don't know anything yet... but I have a hunch he was involved in whatever happened when we were born. And worse, that implies the Optimates might've been involved too."
			Amy looked down, her skin paler than before. She tabbed back over to the photo.
			"They're both so... they look happy, at least."
			"Whoever Dr. Zhao is... we can assume he was a good father." Connor nodded. "I'll find him. And you can ask him everything you wanna know."
			She paused. Then she turned, and embraced her brother.
			"Thank you... really. This means a lot."
			"Don't mention it." Connor smiled warmly.
			She stretched out, yawning. "I'd better get off soon. I've got work tomorrow."
			Connor smiled, walking her out of the room. He locked it back up.
			"If you ever need to get in here, the code is 0451." he nodded. He walked her to the door, and hugged her again.
			"One more thing - I found a few more photos of her. I'll send them over to you - let you go over them in private."
			She squeezed him tight. It took a while for her to let go.
			"See you later, Amy Barrett." he nodded.
			She smiled, slightly teary-eyed. "Yeah. See you later."

		Barrett Family Christmas
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That same day, Trey was having dinner at his grandparents' house. Trey's uncle and auntie, as well as his two cousins, were present too, though they kept their distance from him. The house was adorned with crucifixes, Union Jacks, and Jamaican kicknacks - a typical Windrush generation house. While eating, Trey spoke up.
			"Nana, this is amazing - the turkey is so succulent!" he said cheerfully.
			His grandmother smiled. "Glad you like it, my boy." she replied in a heavy Jamaican accent.
			His grandfather chuckled. "The turkey is good, but the pigs-in-blankets? Oh my! You can thank our Patricia for that." he cheered, looking lovingly at his wife.
			"You just lucky they all here - if it were me and you, Jamal, I'd serve ya pasta and rice!" she said, eliciting laughter across the table.
			Trey's uncle piped up. "So, Trey. How's life been?"
			"Good, thank you." Trey replied tensely. "Work has been hectic, but at least the pay's gone up."
			"And socially?" his uncle continued. "Any new girlfriends?"
			"No. I went on a date with a boy the other week though." Trey replied, stressing the word "Boy."
			His auntie dropped her fork and gasped. "Not at the dinner table."
			"Indeed." his uncle scowled. "We don't want to hear about your--"
			"Andrew." Patricia said sternly. "You asked our Trey about girlfriends. If he said he'd been on a date with a girl, you wouldn't be moanin' and whinin'. All you should care about is that your nephew is happy."
			"I--" Andrew began, but stopped himself. He continued his food.
			Jamal chimed in. "Wicked boy. Don't be tellin' people we raised ya like that! Should be you with the pasta and the rice." With that, Trey laughed, causing his grandparents to chuckle. Phil beamed with pride at his son, and then turned to Trey's older cousin.
			"So, Jamie! How about you? Any new boyfriends?" he asked provocatively.
			Jamie caught the hint and smirked. "Oh yeah, loads. Total battyboy, me."
			Trey erupted into laughter. "I never should have taught you that word!"
			With that, his grandparents laughed too.
			"Oh, see! You tellin' everybody I told Jamie to say battyboy. The truth is comin' out in spades! Pennies dropping left, right, and centre!" Jamal grinned at Patricia, who chuckled delightfully.
			"Just because you're not guilty here, doesn't mean you're not guilty there, you wicked rogue." she retorted.
			Andrew was openly scowling at Trey and Phil, but chose not to cause a scene. The family finished dinner and sat down.

			"...and so she says to me, "Don't look at me with that tone of voice! It smells a funny colour!"" Jamal finished an anecdote with, causing an eruption of laughter across the room.
			"Right, we'd best be off soon." Phil said, checking his phone.
			"So soon?" Patricia asked, saddened.
			"Sorry, mama - we've got to go see Kerry's folks." Phil explained, his voice breaking ever-so-slightly at the mention of his late wife.
			Patricia's expression changed to one of understanding. "Of course, my boy. We'll see you soon." She stood up and hugged Trey. "Bye, my little angel."
			"See you soon, nana. Love you." Trey replied, hugging back. 
			"Love you too, me boy. God bless." she replied, smiling.
			Jamal stood up.
			"Be safe, my boys. Merry Christmas." Jamal said to both, hugging Trey, and then hugging Phil, who responded in kind.
			"See you." Andrew said to both, not standing up. Jamal and Patricia scoffed. Jamie and Trey's younger cousin stood up and hugged both goodbye. Trey's aunt stood and hugged both. She whispered an apology for her earlier behaviour in Trey's ear, which he gratefully accepted.
			
			The two arrived at Kerry's parents' house. Trey and Phil sat in the car for a moment, before taking an intake of breath. Phil had gripped the steering wheel hard enough to show the whites of his knuckles. Trey had accidentally cut his hand from scratching it in nervousness. They inhaled, then exhaled, in unison. They got out the car and exchanged supportive glances at each other. They knocked on the door.
			Kerry's father, George, answered the door. Upon seeing the two, he became visibly disappointed. "Fine. Come in." he said through gritted teeth. The two entered.
			The house was almost hypnotically minimalist. Unlike Phil's parents, Kerry's were born in the UK, and so spoke with English accents. Kerry's mother, Gloria, came in and hugged both.
			"Merry Christmas! How has your day been?" she asked. George rolled his eyes at this.
			"It's been good, nan. How has yours been?" Trey replied, smiling sadly. She was visibly drunk.
			"Good! Neither of us wanted to cook, so we had a Chinese instead." she replied, slurring slightly.
			George came in. Phil revealed the presents they brought. Gloria excitedly opened hers - first, she opened Phil's present.
			"Ah! I've been looking everywhere for this!" she said, holding the gift - a device which converted tapes into digital files - with glee.
			"Well, they don't sell them in shops anymore - I got that one online." Phil smiled.
			"Ah, I never got on with online shopping." Gloria said, cheerfully. She opened Trey's gift next.
			"Oh wow! Thank you so much sweetheart!" she said, holding the gift - a blanket hoodie with hand-and-foot warmers - high in the air.
			"Glad you like it, nan! I know you get cold at night sometimes, what with your circulation... I thought it might help you." Trey said shyly.
			"Such a sweet boy. I think I've got your presents here somewhere... Ah!" she handed both their presents.
			"Oh... a £20 gift voucher to ASDA. That's... Thank you so much!" Trey said, trying his hardest to be appreciative.
			"Ah... socks! Can never have enough of those!" Phil put on a smile. Trey looked over at George, who had not sat down yet - despite his bad leg.
			He refused to show any hospitality. He also had not acknowledged the presents brought for him.
			"Uh, grandad..." Trey began. George scowled at being called that. "These presents are for you... Merry Christmas. I hope you like them."
			George scoffed.
			"Is it your mother, returned to life?" he asked. Trey, Phil, and Gloria all looked down. "No? Didn't think so. Then I don't want it." he snarled.
			"George, please... Trey is all that we have left of Kerry." Gloria began, but she buttoned it once George continued.
			"Oh? And why is that? Oh that's right, because she *DIED* giving birth to him! And who's fault is that?" George growled, almost ferally.
			Gloria looked down in fear, shaking slightly at George's outburst.
			"Why are you defending him? Eh? You'd rather stick up for your daughter's killer than you would your daughter?!" he asked, looming over her. She cowered away from him. 
			"Stop blaming my dad for what happened!" Trey snapped.
			"Oh, don't worry - I blame you plenty." George snarled back.
			"Enough!" Phil snapped. "We came here hoping to bridge the gap. I would never dream of keeping your only grandson away from you. But I can tell when we're not wanted. So, thank you for the gifts, Gloria, merry Christmas to you. Good night." Phil said. Both Trey and Phil left.
			George shouted out as they got in the car.
			"A couple of poncey gifts won't bring her back! You killed my daughter, Morgan! Both of you!" he screamed, throwing his gifts at their car. Trey cried silently while his dad drove them home. They entered their house, and started to openly cry with each other.

		Morgan Family Christmas
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The aftermath of Christmas dinner at the Jefferson household was peaceful, if a little sluggish. The room practically oozed warmth - the scent of cinnamon and roast goose still clung to the air. Bea lay sprawled across a reclining sofa, her stomach full, her eyelids heavy. Her year-younger sister, Tea, was fast asleep across the room, wrapped in a throw blanket. Their dad had retired upstairs for a nap, and their mum had disappeared into the bath nearly an hour ago, likely dozing there too.

			Her phone buzzed softly on the side table. She blinked slowly, and reached for it.
			"Merry Christmas, gorgeous." Charlie had written. "I hope your day's been magical. I've been thinking about you all day. I got you a little something... was wondering if I could see you? Just for a bit. If not, that's okay. I get it xx"
			She smiled, cheeks warming. She tapped out a reply.
			"Merry Christmas! It's been lovely – my family are all in food comas lol. Hope yours has been good too? Xx"
			He replied almost instantly.
			"It's been fine. Quiet. Just wish I had someone around who really gets me, you know? Everyone's so wrapped up in their own little worlds. It would be lovely if you wanted to meet up? Xx"
			Something about the phrasing made Bea pause. She bit her lip, then typed:
			"Where would you want to meet? Xx"
			"The town square? Or... you could come to mine? It's warm. I've got mulled wine and an actual fireplace lol xx" he sent.
			Her fingers hovered, hesitant.
			"I can meet at the park for a bit! I can't stay too long though – everyone's asleep but I'll need to be back soon x"
			"Sure." he replied abruptly.
			She stood up quietly and grabbed her coat.
			"Where are you off to?" Tea murmured from beneath the blanket, revealing herself. She was almost identical to Bea in terms of facial structure. However, where Bea's skin was a constellation of vitiligo, Tea's was a solid sheet of light-brown. Where Bea's eyes contrasted through heterochromia, Tea's were both a shimmering hazel.
			In most dynamics, the 'normal' sister would be the suave, confident one; while the 'abnormal' would be shy and socially deprived. The key word there was 'most.'
			Tea's clothes were almost impressively plain. A grey hoodie over light blue jeans - in this case, unbuttoned at the top to accommodate Christmas dinner. Her hair was as curly as Bea's, but rather than the bright and loud red-dyed afro bob that Bea had opted for, her thick curls had been bunched into a low ponytail, with a few strands dangling in front of her face. All in all, neither sister could be put into a label - fittingly, neither would desire to be.
			"Just a walk." Bea whispered. "I'll be back soon."
			The streets were cold and slick. The sky was darkening, the stars blurry behind thin clouds. Bea pulled her coat tighter as she reached the park. 
			Charlie stood waiting, hands in his coat pockets, eyes on the ground.
			He looked up and smiled as she approached. "Hey."
			"Hey!" she replied, breath puffing in the cold.
			"I didn't think you'd come." he began. His voice was low. "I thought maybe you'd changed your mind."
			"No, I just didn't want to stay long. Everyone's still up, mostly."
			He pulled a small wrapped box from his coat and handed it to her.
			Bea opened it carefully. Inside was a delicate silver bracelet.
			She stared at it. "Charlie... this is beautiful."
			He smiled.
			She looked down at the bracelet again. "Thank you. Really."
			He reached forward, brushing her hair behind her ear. "You don't have to say anything. Just being here... it means more than you know."
			She nodded, pushing her face into his hand.
			"I wanted to give you something that reminded you how different you are. How real." he said. "Not like... the people around you."
			She shifted. "Charlie..."
			"I mean, it's nice they're there," he said, too quickly. "But they don't see you. Not like I do. You said yourself you feel like the extra in your own friend group sometimes."
			"I didn't mean it like that," she said, suddenly uncomfortable.
			He studied her for a moment, then reached for her hands. "Come back to mine?"
			She blinked. "What?"
			"Just for a bit." he said quickly. "I've got this bottle of wine I've been saving, and I made mince pies. I thought... maybe we could just have a moment. Something that's ours."
			"I can't, sorry. I should probably head back soon," she said, almost apologetically.
			His expression shifted. The smile disappeared. "Right."
			She frowned. "I'm sorry, I just - "
			"It's fine," he said sharply, pulling his hands away. "It's totally fine. I just thought maybe you'd want to spend time with me. Guess I misread things."
			"Charlie, I--"
			"No, it's okay. Seriously. Don't worry about it." His tone was brittle. "Enjoy your perfect little family night."
			"That's not fair," Bea said, a tremble in her voice.
			He turned away, jaw tight. "You know what? Just forget I asked. I shouldn't have. This was stupid."
			There was a beat of silence, and then, as suddenly as he had snapped, he softened.
			"I'm sorry," he said, running a hand through his hair. "God, I'm such an idiot. You didn't deserve that. I just... I missed you so much today. I guess I let it get to me."
			Bea stood frozen.
			"I'm sorry, Bea. I just thought... I thought we had something. And I thought maybe today, of all days, I'd matter enough to you to get a little of your time. But it's okay. Really."
			He offered a weak smile, eyes sad. "Go home. They'll miss you."
			Bea gulped, a lump in her throat. "Of course you matter to me. It's just... it's Christmas, you know? We see each other every day at uni."
			"You don't have to explain." he said, backing away.
			She didn't reply. She couldn't. Her feet felt stuck to the pavement.
			"Merry Christmas, Bea." he whispered.
			And then he was gone, his footsteps echoing off the wet stones, leaving her standing alone with the bracelet still in her hands.
			She sighed deeply.

		Jefferson Family Christmas
		______________________________
		SCENE
			In the Derrington household, William and Sveta finished laying the table together. Chloe entered.
			"Oh, I wonder what's for dinner." she grinned. Both William and Sveta laughed.
			"[Sveta, dorogaya, why are you making dinner for us?]" she asked in flawless Russian.
			"[Well, dorogaya, I thought you deserved a lovely meal now that you're home from university. Besides, it's not like William is much hope in the kitchen, is he?]"
			"I'll assume that was something to the effect of "William's cooking is incredible, and I wanted to learn from him."" William snarked. Both women chuckled.
			"[Will you be eating with us?]" Chloe asked.
			Sveta smiled. "[Oh, dorogaya, I would love to sit at the table with you. But I don't think your mother would approve. That's all right - I'll eat my plate quickly, and head off home.]"
			Chloe nodded in understanding. "[Still... I'll tell my parents to let you sit at the dinner table with us. You prepared this wonderful meal, so at least you can enjoy it in the warmth of our home.]"
			Sveta smiled even more warmly. "[Thank you, dorogaya. I would love that.]" and stopped as Catherine entered the room.
			Catherine looked at Chloe and Sveta, and shook her head in disapproval. Sveta rolled her eyes and looked down, focusing on her work. Chloe, angered by her mother, decided to continue.
			"[Sveta, dorogaya, I'll make a cup of coffee now. Do you want some?]" she asked, heading to the coffee machine.
			"Oh, uh... I would love a coffee, dear." Sveta answered in English.
			Catherine scoffed audibly. Undaunted, Chloe said "[Okay. One coffee coming up.]" back in Russian, made Sveta a coffee, and sat down at the table. Sveta finished her coffee, and began to place the food on the table, as Victor came into the room.
			"Oh, and by the way." Chloe began. "Sveta will be sitting at the table with us today."
			William smirked, then turned around to face Catherine and Victor. "That would be lovely. Svetlana, we'd be honoured to enjoy your company this Christmas."
			Sveta smiled in appreciation. "Thank you, thank you so much!"
			William smirked deviously, glanced back at Catherine, and then said "I think you mean, 'Spasibo', Da?"
			Chloe and Sveta chuckled at his pronunciation. Catherine glared in rage.
			Chloe pulled out her blood sugar monitor. She went to prick her finger, but Catherine slapped the fingerstick out of her hand.
			"Not at the dinner table. Not in front of us." she snarled at Chloe.
			Even Victor looked down, uncomfortable. William's upper lip curled. Sveta looked away to hide her rage.
			Chloe scowled, but rose, and went to the bathroom. She sat on the toilet, and sighed, a tear running down her cheek and settling in her scar.
			Her mind turned to when she did her insulin at Connor's. How he didn't care. How he encouraged her. She injected herself, and returned to the table.
			She came out, and saw Sveta preparing Oliver for dinner - including doing his insulin.
			Sveta looked over at Chloe. "[I'm sorry, dorogaya.]"
			Chloe smiled softly, and helped her bring Oliver to the table.
			They all began eating their dinner.
			The silence was broken when Victor began talking. "So, next year, I suppose I won't be here. Vivienne and I are hoping to be wed in the late springtime." he said.
			"That's wonderful, dear." Catherine beamed. "I'm so happy for you both."
			Chloe rolled her eyes.
			"What? Jealous, are you?" Victor snarked. "I suppose I would be too, if my crush was some chav."
			Chloe's face lit up with rage, but she calmed herself and remembered Connor's words. "Well, at least he's not an inbred."
			William had to physically force his laugh into a cough. "Hah-ach-aha-ch-ahem!" he went. "Sorry, I think I swallowed a bit of bone. *ahem.*" he spluttered, shooting Chloe a glance of acknowledgement... and tacit approval.
			Catherine snapped. "Chloe Penelope Derrington! You will not use that kind of language in this household!"
			Victor, looking hurt, chimed in. "That's two forms of language you seem obsessed with using. Where do you get such a potty mouth?"
			Chloe chuckled. "Idi na khuy."
			This time, Sveta was sipping her drink when it was said. She coughed and hit her chest, trying very hard not to laugh.
			Victor looked angered, judging by Sveta's reaction that Chloe said something horrid. "What did you just say? No. Svetlana! I demand you tell me what Chloe just said!"
			Sveta went pale, not wanting to translate. Chloe stepped in.
			"I said, 'Go fuck yourself.' Quit hassling me and eat your dinner." she growled.
			This time, Catherine snapped *hard.* "CHLOE! ENOUGH!"
			Chloe turned to face Catherine, her blood boiling almost as hot.
			"I have had it with this! Ever since you moved down to that wretched town, seeing that--that boy! You have turned into an uncouth, disobedient brat!" Catherine raged.
			"Oh, shut up." Chloe scoffed, her mother's face turning red.
			"What... What did you just say to me?!" she said, nearly screaming.
			"I said, shut up. I'm tired. I'm tired of you constantly harassing me. Ooh, Chloe, don't speak Russian! Ooh, Chloe, don't do your insulin at the table! Ooh, Chloe, don't go to Drackhill! Ooh, Chloe, I didn't like that boy! For someone who's held a grudge against me since my birth, you sure do seem to give a lot of pointless, stupid input!"
			"HOW DARE YOU?!" Catherine screamed. William banged the table with his cutlery.
			"ENOUGH!" he barked.
			"NO!" Catherine replied, facing him now. "I HAVE HAD IT WITH YOU ALWAYS SIDING WITH HER!"
			William tried to stand his ground, but, faced with Catherine's death stare, he backed down. Defeated, he said, almost ashamed of giving in, "Chloe, go to your room."
			"WHAT?!" Chloe responded incredulously.
			"Oh, are your hearing aids not working? Go to your room like a good little *suka.*" Victor mocked.
			Sveta scowled, as though she wanted to slap him.
			"Victor, go to your room as well." William snapped.
			"What? But why?" he whined.
			"Because I told you to. Both of you, go to your rooms now."
			Chloe stood up and pushed past Catherine, storming upstairs and slamming her door. Noise could be heard from her bedroom, as she threw herself on her bed and screamed into her pillow.
			Catherine turned to Victor as he went to stand. "No. Chloe is gone now, you can stay."
			William shot Catherine a dirty look.
			Oliver looked up, confused. "Where did Chloe go?" he asked.
			William sighed deeply. "Don't worry, dad."
			A long pause.
			"It's ever since she met that thug!" Victor eventually said, breaking the silence. "He must be such a horrible influence on her."
			"No, it's always been there. That girl has always sought to defy me." Catherine replied.
			"It is only natural for children to seek to defy their parents." Sveta began.
			"I've never defied mum." Victor replied, his voice somehow even more snobby than usual.
			"Not her..." William muttered under his breath. Catherine shot him a cold look.
			"That boy will ruin her. Mark my words - she's too naive to see what kind of man he is." Victor continued. "She was dumb enough to fall for that Francis--"
			"Victor. Enough." William snapped, his blood boiling at the very mention of the name.
			"Young love can be... complicated, yes. But Chloe has a strong heart. She will find her way, as she always does." Sveta replied to Victor, her voice full of pride for Chloe.
			"She's wasting her time with that nonsense - genetics, cybernetics, whatever it is. None of that will help her in the real world. She needs to learn her place." Catherine growled, apparently wishing to continue to talk about Chloe behind her back like this.
			Victor nodded. "Precisely. She thinks she's so clever... She always acts like she's smarter than me." In his voice was a hint of insecurity - the idea that the 'imperfect' child could best him on something *sickened* him.
			"Sometimes, it is those who see the world differently who change it most. Chloe is... exceptional in that way. You must see that, too." Sveta replied, in quiet defiance. Catherine looked at her, eyes full of venom.
			"We don't pay you to meddle in our family affairs, Ms. Popova." she hissed.
			"Yes, Mrs. Derrington. I only speak because I care for Chloe." Sveta replied.
			"You can go now." Catherine said, her words as cold as ice. Wordlessly, Sveta nodded. She stood, her gaze meeting Catherine's, and stared her down for a moment. In that split second, Catherine trembled - for the first time, she didn't see Sveta, the timid nurse who fled her home from war. She saw Sergeant Popova, of the 9th Motor Rifles division. The woman who singlehandedly held off a platoon of rebels. The Saviour of Sukhumi. She shuddered slightly, her blood rushing. Sveta smiled, nodded, and grabbed her bag.
			
			Chloe laid on her bed face down, and sobbing.
			A knock at the door shook her.
			"Go away!" she shouted.
			The door opened slightly. "[Oh, dorogaya. You don't really want that, do you?]"
			Chloe raised her head, her face wet with tears. "Sveta?"
			Sveta sat on the bed, next to her, and gently stroked her hair.
			"[I understand, dorogaya. Family is always complicated. Do you think I always got along with my mother?]" she smiled, wiping Chloe's cheeks.
			"[It's not fair, Sveta. She won't let me speak Russian to you, she won't let me into the university I chose, and now she...]"
			Sveta looked into Chloe's eyes. "[She...]"
			Chloe's eyes glistened with new tears. "[She won't let me see the boy I like.]"
			Sveta nodded sadly. "Connor?"
			"Da." Chloe replied, tears now streaming down her cheeks again.
			"Dorogaya..." Sveta began, offering a sad smile. "[Let me tell you a story. When I was about your age, I met my beloved Sergei. My mother didn't approve - he was a modest farmer from the Tambov region, and we were promising Moscow office workers. Yes, even in Soviet times we had class discrimination. It was in a different form, but it was there all the same. In any case, my dear Sergei, he didn't let it get in the way of love.]
			Chloe sat up, listening in. "[Is that why you moved to Tambov for those 5 years?]"
			Sveta grinned. "[Well remembered, dorogaya. But we're skipping ahead. I remember...]"
			Her face turned nostalgic. She smiled, allowing herself to be lost in the memory for a moment, before continuing.
			"[I remember one night he climbed up the drainpipe just to kiss me through the window. I was like a fairytale princess, and he was a dashing knight.]"
			"[And what did you do? I mean, you chose him over your mother, didn't you?]" Chloe asked, engrossed in the story.
			"[Well, at first I didn't.]" Sveta replied, chuckling slightly. "[At first, I let fear control me. It was thanks to my mother that I was able to get such a good office job. By disobeying her, I risked losing that job. But, oh my Sergei... He never knew when to give up. Well, in the end, the choice was clear. I ran away with him and moved to his village. Well, being an office worker wasn't very useful on a farm, but we managed. And once we saved up enough money, we decided it was my turn. We moved back to Moscow and I found a new job - this time, I was a staff nurse in the Army! My Sergei, bless him... he ended up working in a shelter for stray dogs. It was a dream come true for both of us. And shortly after, our little Alexei came along]"
			"[But how did you manage to escape from your mother?]" asked Chloe, her tears starting to dry and be replaced by deep engagement.
			"[Well, physically I just left in the middle of the night, taking nothing with me except my toothbrush and a spare nightgown.]" Sveta smirked, eliciting chuckles from both. "[But emotionally, I think I decided that I was not going to let someone who didn't want me to be happy dictate how I found happiness.]"
			Chloe smiled warmly. She hesitated. "[You, um... You never really talk about them.]"
			Sveta sighed. "[Well... When the war began, I was on deployment in the Caucasus. Do you remember the story I told you?]"
			"[The one where you fended off an entire platoon of rebels?]" Chloe asked.
			Sveta grinned. "[That one. We were fighting insurgents led by Zamaldayev.]" she said, nearly spitting the name.	"[But when we finished the evacuation, we learned Moscow had fallen. Most of the army left for Tbilisi, to regroup. I left for home. We decided we had to leave Russia, at least until things calmed down. And my boys...]" Sveta answered, her eyes welling up with tears. "[Sergei couldn't leave his dogs to starve. So he brought little Alexei to the shelter with him, and... Rebel forces captured some heavy artillery, that night. The shelter just so happened to be on the same block as an army depot. When they shelled it, the munitions inside caught fire. The shelter... my family...]"
			Chloe's face turned white. "[I... I'm so sorry.]"
			Sveta smiled sadly. "[It's in the past. And besides... I think I paid them back in kind.]"
			"[What do you mean?]" Chloe tilted her head.
			Sveta let out a long breath. "[When they died, I was a mess. Revenge was the only thought in my head. So I went back to the army in Tbilisi. I wanted payback. When I was in Sukhumi, I got it. They nicknamed me 'the Red Widow,' 'the Angel of Death,' 'the Modern Demina.' That's where I got my scars.]" she explained, pointing at the crisscrossed lines on her right arm and near her neck. "[I was lucky to keep my life, let alone my arm. I think, deep down, I wanted to go out in a blaze of glory.]"
			"[That's why you had those bandages when we first met?]" Chloe asked.
			"[Yes, that's right. You have such a good memory, dorogaya.]" Sveta beamed.
			"[What changed? What made you leave the army and come here?]"
			Sveta took a deep breath. "[I remembered something. The last time I saw Alexei, when the war broke out and I had to go - he said, "Mummy, please be safe." He was so worried that I'd get hurt, and I... I promised I'd look after myself. And I couldn't keep breaking that promise.]"
			Chloe looked at Sveta in awe. "[I wish I was as strong as you.]"
			Sveta brushed Chloe's hair lovingly. "[You are stronger than you think, dorogaya. I could not be prouder of the woman you have become.]"
			Chloe wiped her eyes. "[It's all thanks to you, Sveta. If you hadn't been there when...]" her voice broke at the memory, and she reflexively touched her scar.
			"[Shh... It's okay, dorogaya. He can never hurt you again.]" Sveta stroked Chloe's hair.
			"[Sometimes, Sveta... I wish you were my mother instead of her.]" Chloe said, hugging Sveta.
			"[Oh, dorogaya...]" Sveta beamed, pulling Chloe in for an embrace. She pulled back, and gentrly stroked her cheeks.
			"[You remind me of him, you know. Little Alexei. He'd've been around the same age, too. He had a good brain, like you. And a big heart.]"
			Chloe smiled softly. "[He was lucky to have you in his life - as am I.]"
			"Moya dorogaya..." she began. "[You are approaching a crossroads. I cannot tell you which path to take – only you can make that choice. But I can tell you to follow your heart. Trust yourself. You are a very smart young woman. If anyone can make the right decision, it is you.]" she smiled warmly. She paused, then spoke again. "[And... If you ever find yourself in need, you know where I am. I would welcome you into my home in a heartbeat.]"
			Chloe looked back, surprised - and overjoyed. "[You would do that? But you'd lose your job here!]"
			"[There are other jobs. If it meant you were safe and secure, I'd do it.]" Sveta replied, her voice warm. "[Having you in my life has always been a blessing. ]"
			Chloe paused, lost in thought. She finally spoke. "[Thank you, Sveta. Thank you so much.]"
			Sveta smiled, and nodded. "[See you before you go back to university, dorogaya.]"
			Chloe smiled and nodded back. "[Take care of yourself, Sveta. I love you.]"
			She kissed Chloe's forehead. "[I love you too.]"
			She stood, and left for home.
			Chloe wiped her eyes, and took out her phone. She bit her lip, deep in thought. Then, she pulled up Connor's number, and wrote out a text:
			"Hey! Merry Christmas! I'm so sorry I didn't message sooner - family drama! Can't wait to see you again x"
			She hesitated, fearing she was coming off as too flirty... but then an impulse took over, and she sent it. Moments later, she received a message back.
			"Heya! Merry Christmas! Aww bless you - that's never fun. Yeah, I miss you too! We just dropped Vince back off - wanna call and chat? I'm sure Sparky will offer some words of wisdom ;) x"
			She read this message, smiled, and laid down in bed.

		Derrington Family Christmas
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Back in Redbridge, Nina sat in her living room. Her sister, Yaz, was sat on an adjacent sofa, along with her partner Elliot. Jack, their toddler, was playing with his new toys, babbling to himself. Nina had heavy eyebags forming from lack of sleep. Yaz appeared uneasy. Elliot was on his phone. Nasreen, Nina and Yaz's mother, was asleep and snoring on a reclining chair. She had a blanket around her legs, and was connected to an oxygen tank.
			Georgie, Nina's cat, treaded over to Jack, who giggled and stroked him. He laid down, enjoying the attention.
			Elliot decided he was bored of the current movie, and went to change the channel.
			"Hey, I was watching that..." Yaz protested meekly, but Elliot stared her down, causing her to cower away.
			"Hah. You're so cute when you pout." he mocked. "I want to watch something else."
			Nina scoffed. "Um, excuse me, Elliot - this is my house. I think *I'd* be the one to pick the movie."
			Elliot scowled. "Fine, fine... Whatever. Enjoy your stupid movie." He threw the remote at Nina, narrowly missing her face.
			"Hey! Watch it!" she snapped at him.
			"You caught it, didn't you? Fucking hell..." he moaned.
			"Don't forget I'm a police officer." Nina half-growled.
			"How could we forget? You never shut the fuck up about it." Elliot snarked.
			"Right, that's it. Get out of my house, now." Nina snapped.
			"Fine by me. Come on Yaz. Jack, come on." Elliot replied, standing.
			Jack protested by huffing, but Elliot was not amused.
			"Jack. Get up. Now." he said, as though he was scolding a dog.
			Yaz's voice trembled but grew louder. "Don't talk to him like that." 
			Her words hung in the air for a moment, before Elliot turned his glare on her. She looked away, her resolve crumbling.
			Jack sighed and crawled to his feet, before toddling forwards. For a baby, he was remarkably grown up - it was clear he had to be.
			"No. I asked for you to leave. Yaz and Jack can stay." Nina cut in.
			"They're my family, they go where I go. Isn't that right, Yaz?" Elliot grinned, looming over her. Avoiding his gaze, Yaz gulped.
			She opened her mouth to speak, but faltered under Elliot's gaze. "Yes... Yes, that's right." she whispered, her voice barely audible.
			"No! Yaz, you and Jack can stay." Nina protested, but Elliot cut her off.
			"I think we just heard Yaz's answer, Nina." Elliot grinned, like a jackal taunting his kill.
			Jack ran over to Nina and gave her a hug. "Bah-bah, aunnina!" he babbled.
			The three left, causing Nina to angrily throw a bottle against the wall.
			Nasreen awoke, and let out a confused groan.
			"Nothing, mama. Go back to sleep." Nina sighed.
			Nasreen groaned out affirmatively, and her eyelids sank back closed.
			Nina squatted down, and cried silently.

			Later that night, she phoned Yaz.
			"Yaz... I'm sorry I kicked off. But he was being so rude."
			Yaz replied quietly, as though she was afraid of being heard. "I know, I'm sorry... He's drunk now, passed out upstairs. I've just put Jack to bed."
			"Why are you even with him?" Nina asked.
			"Because..." Yaz began. "Well, he's the father of my child. And, well... It's not like anyone else would have me. Me, a teen mum who everyone thinks is a skank. Me, a school dropout with no GCSE's, no A levels, no job. No future." she sobbed. "Elliot is the only one who would have me. How could I leave? And... It's not just about me, Nina. If I leave, where would we go? How would I support Jack? He deserves stability, even if it's... like this."
			"You'd be better off single than staying with him. Yaz, I've seen too many cases like this. It always starts small - words, looks. But it escalates. I can't sit back and watch it happen to you. Has... Has he ever hurt you or Jack?"
			"No." Yaz replied, unconvincingly.
			"Yaz, I'm a police officer. I can help you." Nina began, but Yaz interrupted.
			"No, Nina, just... No. Look, I'm fine. Honestly, I am."
			Nina sighed. "You used to be with that really lovely boy... what was his name?"
			"Connor." Yaz replied, the sadness palpable in her voice. "Yeah, we were... but... I messed it up."
			Nina sighed. "I remember."
			Yaz cried silently. "God, I still remember the look of shock on his face. And, well... I want to say it's the worst thing I've ever done, but I wouldn't have Jack if I didn't. Does that make me a horrible person?"
			"No... No, Yaz. It makes you an idiot for still being with him, but not horrible." Nina sighed. "Look, I'm begging you - get out."
			"No." Yaz replied firmly. "I... I can't, Nina. Elliot and Jack are all I have. I wish I could, but... I just can't."
			"You have me too." Nina interjected. "And you can bring Jack here. I love seeing my little nephew."
			Yaz's voice hardened slightly. "I know you're trying to help, Nina, but you don't get it. Every time I think about leaving, I... I feel like I'm drowning. What if it's worse out there? What if Jack grows up hating me for breaking up his family? I... I'm sorry Nina. But I can't." she cried, and hung up the phone.
			Nina broke down in tears. Once she managed to get her crying under control, her face hardened with resolve, and she went on her phone and called someone - DI Naismith.
			"Hello, sir. I'm so, so sorry it's late... Oh yes, merry Christmas to you too, sir. I... I'm worried my sister and her son are being..." she hesitated. "...abused. By her partner. I'm going to file a report - could you, I don't know, see if you can put any pressure on it? I know you're so focused on the Werewolf case, but just having a DI take an interest could help it along... Really? Thank you so much, sir, I--thank you. Goodnight, sir."

		Chowdhury Family Christmas
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Yeah, goodnight, Nina." Naismith mumbled. He was sat at his table alone, wearing a dirty tank top and shorts. His stubble had grown into a scraggly beard, and he clearly hadn't showered in days. He looked less like a seasoned detective, and more like a homeless man - or the bloated corpse of one. He went to sip from the beer bottle in his hand, only to realise it was empty. He cracked open another one, and began to drink. A tear ran down his cheek.
			He stood up, and went on his laptop. There, he played a recording, dated 15-08-2005.
			"Hi, Henry! Hope my sexy Detective Constable is doing good today." a woman's voice played. Naismith's eyes welled up at the sound of her voice. "I just called to say that I miss you, and that I love you, and..." she giggled in excitement. "I can't wait to marry you! I'm just going to go to the pharmacy to get some painkillers - I'll see you tonight. I love you... wait, didn't I say that already?" she giggled again. "Doesn't matter. I love you, I love you, I love you! See you tonight, baby." the recording ended with the familiar beep of a voicemail recording. Naismith had tears streaming down his face. He cried, and went to drink another bottle - but his St. Bernard put his paw on the bottle, holding it away from his lips.
			"Max... Hey, Max..." Naismith slurred. "Let go, buddy... Let me..."
			Max looked deep into Naismith's eyes. Naismith chuckled, and relented. "Okay. No more." he poured the bottle down the sink. He went to the sofa, and passed out.

			He woke up, in his bed, next to a woman - young, with healthy tanned skin and bleach-blonde hair. She sat up and put her arms around him.
			"Ughhh... Do you have to go to work today?" she asked, with the same voice as the recording. Naismith looked younger, healthier too.
			"Sorry, baby. Once they legalise the right for detectives to go on strike and spend all day with their beautiful fiancees, I'll be the first to sign the ballot. Viva la revolution, etc." he said, deadpan. Both chuckled. A small St. Bernard pup jumped on the bed.
			"Haha, morning Max..." Naismith smiled. He walked into the bathroom, and as he opened the door, he found himself in a meeting with a younger Dorsey, still a DCI himself - nowhere near Chief Constable status. Dorsey was providing a briefing to a group of officers, including Naismith.
			"Okay, so, our current prime suspect is this man - Micky Cowen." he pointed to a photograph of the suspect - a young black man with no criminal record file attached.
			"Um, sir?" Naismith asked, raising his hand. Dorsey gestured for Naismith to speak. "Thank you, sir. The suspect has no criminal history, no known gang associations, and seems to have been working at the time of the assault. If I could draw everybody's attention to..." he turned the page "Richard Danes. Known connections to the Patriot outfit, a seeming litany of violent outbursts and attacks, and, unlike Mr. Cowen, no alibi."
			Dorsey chuckled. "Naturally, we're open to all possibilities. And the moment we start taking cues from fresh-faced DCs, I'll let you know." the other officers laughed at Naismith, who closed his folder, frustrated.
			"You see, Naismith - you get to this level, it's all about intuition. Some people just have the look of a criminal."
			Naismith cringed, and his phone started to ring. He saw it was from an unknown number. "I'm sorry, sir, I have to take this." he said abruptly.
			As he left the briefing room, Dorsey jeered "Don't let your day job keep you!" passive-aggressively.
			Naismith answered the phone. "Hello, DC Naismith speaking."
			"Hello, is that Henry Naismith?" the voice on the other end asked.
			"Yes, who's calling?"
			Naismith put the phone down for a moment. The world froze around him. His face filled with dread.
			"No. Not this part. I don't want to see this part. No. No!" he begged, before resuming his previous expression and putting the phone back to his ear.
			"This is Dr. Sarah Rosenbaum, calling from Drackhill A&E. Are you alone at the moment?" she asked. 
			"I... How can I help you, Doctor?" he asked, trembling.
			"I'm very sorry, Mr. Naismith. Your fiancee, Ms. Janine Ratcliffe, was hit by a car earlier today. We did everything we could, but I'm afraid she was pronounced dead at the scene. I'm very sorry for your loss." she explained, her voice full of sympathy.
			She thought to herself, "This isn't why I became a doctor."
			"I... Dead? No, that can't be, she was just..." he looked away from the phone. She was just here. Alive.
			"I'm very sorry, sir. Her body is currently in the A&E unit. As she was not on the organ donor register, it falls to next of kin - that being you - to decide what happens to her body. You don't have to decide anything now - I advise you to seek out family and friends, and seek comfort from that." she said kindly.
			"I... thank you, doctor. I... I'll..." he sobbed. "I'll come to the hospital tomorrow morning."
			"Thank you, Mr. Naismith. Please take your time, and look after yourself. Once again, I'm very sorry for your loss."
			With that, Naismith put down the phone, and found himself in a room with an older woman, with a notepad and pen.
			"So, Henry... how are you feeling?" she asked.
			"Fine." Naismith replied bluntly.
			The woman noted something down. "And how has work been going?"
			"Fine." Naismith replied again. The woman again made a note.
			"Have you been meditating like we practiced?" she asked softly.
			"No." he replied in the same tone.
			"That's okay. It doesn't work for everyone. We all process grief in different ways."
			"I'm fine." Naismith said firmly. The woman shook her head.
			"Henry, it's okay to feel anything. Emotions are always valid." she said calmly.
			Naismith's expression hardened. "I said I'm fine. Is it that hard to believe?" he snapped.
			"Henry, your fiancee died in a tragic accident. It's only natural to want to... to bury these emotions. But if you don't accept them, we cannot deal with them." she sighed, with an almost motherly concern about her.
			Naismith's expression became even more grim. "Stop it."
			"Henry..." she began, but he cut her off by shouting.
			"I said stop it!" he barked. She crossed her legs and frowned.
			"I'm fine. I am always fine. And I'm sick of people pestering me! Go to therapy, this - take some time off, that. I've had enough. Do you hear me? Enough! An innocent man has been locked away, by a bunch of racist twats - purely because I *tried* to process these emotions. No more. No more!" he stormed out of the room, slamming the door. With that, he jolted awake.
			Naismith - the same, older, haggard Naismith - curled into a ball and sobbed. He headed into the kitchen to made a coffee, and while searching for his cigarettes, put his hand on his pistol. He pulled it out, and stared at it. He sat on the ground, still staring. He loaded the chamber, cocked it, and pushed it into his temple.
			"One second. That's all it'll take. One tiny little push, and *poof* - all your troubles gone. All your pain and sadness painting the walls of this rotten old house." he mumbled to himself.
			He steeled himself. He took a sharp intake of breath. He closed his eyes tightly.
			"Okay, Naismith. This time, you're really going to do it. Okay. One, Two..."
			"WOOF!"
			Naismith put down the gun, to see Max staring at him, whimpering. He smiled. He dropped the gun, and broke down in tears.
			"You're right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Max... I'm so sorry." he sobbed. Max cuddled into him and licked his tears away. Naismith stood, picked up his gun. Max whimpered, but Naismith uncocked it, took out the magazine, and emptied the chamber. The ease at which he did this even when drunk was indicative of his skill at arms.
			"It's okay, buddy." Naismith smiled at Max. "I'm not going anywhere. We still have work to do."

		Naismith's Christmas
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The week after Christmas was always a quiet, boring one - a time for rest, and relaxation. 2015's was no different. As the year came to a close, the Singing Horse did what it always did - it hosted a swarm of drunk teenagers.
			Connor brought a tray of jaegerbombs to their table, eliciting groans from Trey.
			"Bastard! Absolute bastard!" he moaned. "Bringing over the drink that gets me the most fucked-up, and smiling like he's doing me a favour!"
			Connor grinned devilishly. "Drink the fucking bomb, lightweight."
			Trey stuck his tongue out mockingly, picked up the drink, and downed it. Amy downed hers, as did Connor.
			"God, this year's gone quick, hasn't it?" she noted.
			"Well, a lot's happened. We all grew up this year, I suppose. I mean, you hit 18 this year, so that's a big milestone." Connor mused.
			"Yeah... a lot's happened, alright." Trey nodded.
			"Speaking of, how is 19, you old farts?" Amy cheekily grinned. Both boys smirked.
			"Ooh, my back's hurting, I've lost half my memories, and my teeth keep going walkies." Trey jeered. At the last word, Sparky, who was chilling under their table, raised his head.
			"Walkies?" he asked, wagging his tail.
			"Oops, sorry buddy..." Trey replied. Connor smirked and winked at Sparky.
			"Can we go walkies later?"
			"Of course we can, buddy." Connor beamed.
			Amy stroked him comfortingly. "I know, Trey's a dick isn't he?"
			"No he's not!" Sparky replied. "I like Trey. He talks to me funny. I like it when he says "Whosagoodboyyy" really fast."
			"Hah, you hear that barking? Good lad!" Trey smirked.
			"Ooh, look! The countdown's starting!" Amy said excitedly.
			The gang looked at their watches, and began to chant in unison. Sparky even barked with them to the beat. "Ten! Nine! Eight! Seven! Six! Five! Four! Three! Two! One! HAPPY NEW YEAR!"
			The gang jumped and had a group hug. Even Connor, not normally a hugger, joined in. Sparky let loose a howl of celebration.
			With that, Trey pulled Connor in for a kiss, causing Connor to duck and eliciting laughter from the whole group.
			"Haha, it's okay bro..." Trey began, cackling. "We all know you'd rather kiss Chloe instead."
			"Huh--what? Me? Hah, I uh... I think you might... Uh..." Connor blushed.
			"Why don't you ask her out?" Amy pressed. "You both clearly have the hots for each other."
			"Hah, you're joking, right?" Connor said incredulously. "I mean we're good friends, but that's about it. Sure, we've had a few moments, but, I mean, nothing overtly romantic... Like, I mean, it's not like..." Connor trailed off, stumbling on his words. Trey laughed warmly, and pulled Connor in for an embrace.
			"It's okay bro - it'll be okay. I'll teach you how to pick up on the most obvious signs one day, we'll get there." he teased.
			"Hah, fuck you!" Connor laughed.
			He let out a deep breath, watching his friends cheer. He watched the people celebrate. His city move with joy. The smile cracked over his face.
			He was a monster. Alien. Inhuman.
			Killer. Freak.

			Hero.

		New Year's Eve

	Year's End

Wolves Among Sheep
______________________________
VOLUME 2
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The moon shone brightly through the pouring rain, shimmering in the valley below.
			It was the first night of the year. Typically, the night after New Year's is quiet, subdued, and peaceful, as people recover from the night before.
			This night would've been the same - were it not for the fucking alarm bells.
			The tired citydwellers groaned at the racket - the blaring sirens of Drackhill City Bank.

			The armoured truck's doors swung open, and a gaggle of kevlar-clad gunmen dismounted.
			"Alright boys, you all know the drill." their point man barked. "Go in, grab, get out. We have ten minutes before the cops arrive."
			These men were clear professionals. They swarmed into the hall and placed their charges on the safes and secure doors.
			"Fire in the hole! 3... 2... 1!"
			*BOOM!*
			The bank rattled as its prizes were laid bare. The men began filling their bags.
			"Alpha team, with me! We're going up! Bravo team, get as much as you can!" the leader ordered. His squad followed in lockstep as they ascended the stairs.
			Alpha team kicked down the heavy oak doors, and quickly occupied the upstairs offices.
			"There - secure door." one noted, pointing at the metal shutters that had deployed as soon as the truck breached the walls.
			"Cutter!"
			One man holstered his gun, and pulled out an electric buzzsaw. Sparks flew as he got to work slicing past the door.
			"You think... *he'll* come here?" one whispered nervously. "There's no way we can take him..."
			"Stay focused." the leader said lowly. "We'll be out of here before anyone can stop us. Besides, our combined firepower - we might just stand a chance."
			"I heard stories, you know. Rumours." one began. "They say he fought some sort of cyborg ogre."
			"Oh yeah? I heard he shits rainbows and breathes fire." another snarked.
			Despite the bravado, he couldn't shake the feeling. That he was being watched.
			That... *he* was out there.

			Connor's scarlet gaze flashed as he rose from his rooftop perch.
			"Fourteen men, total." he reported over his earpiece. "Ten up here, and four in the hall. There's a pair on watch by the window - I'll start there."
			"You sure you don't wanna let the cops handle this, bratan?" Ivan quizzed.
			"Cops tend to solve problems by shooting them, or getting shot." he shrugged.
			"Fair enough. Udachnoy okhoty, tovarishch."

			Connor's trenchcoat fluttered in the breeze, as his eyes burned a little brighter. He rolled his shoulders in anticipation, and morphed his glider. His arms rose up like a gargoyle, and he rode the wind forwards.
			"Hey... what the fuck is that?" one gunman asked, pointing at the black mass falling from the office block across from him.
			"Probably nothing. You gonna help, or what?!" another snapped.
			Connor sailed through the air, and morphed a rope with a suction cup on the end. He launched it out to the wall above the window, and it quickly went taut and started reeling. He shifted so his feet went first.
			"HOLY FUCK! IT'S *HIM!*"
			The Werewolf's boots shattered the reinforced glass, and slammed into the gunman's chest. He launched backwards, and sank down, out cold.
			"Shit, shit shit!" his partner gasped, firing his pistol at him. Connor tanked the hits, his eyes aflame. Then, the gunman felt the impact of a monster's fist, and his world went dark.
			Alpha team heard the screams.
			"Oh god, oh god..." the sawman panicked.
			"Keep sawing! We've got you covered!" the leader barked. "Men, safties off! Flashlights on!"
			The squad moved out, beams of light shimmering in the dark. They arrived at the shattered glass, and saw their comrades knocked out and cuffed.
			"Where the hell did he go?!" one gasped.
			"Whatever got in..." the leader began grimly, "Don't let it get out."
			The squad began their search, kicking down cubicles and workstations as they searched for their assailant.

			Tyson shone his flashlight over his section, his heartbeat palpable.
			*WHOOSH!*
			"Huh?!" he turned, gripping his gun tightly.
			He stepped forward slowly, and...
			*WHOOSH!*
			"Where are you?!" he roared. He heard a step behind him, and opened fire rabidly.
			"Shit!" his comrade gasped, taking cover. "HOLD YOUR FIRE!"
			"Fuck, sorry..." Tyson panted, approaching. "You okay?"
			"I'm fine. Easy on the trigger!" he hissed.
			Tyson looked down, ashamed. Then he heard something hit the ground, and went pale as a ghost.
			"BEHIND YOU!"
			Connor's punch to the back sent the gunman crashing into Tyson. Both fell down, and a second strike knocked him out cold.
			"Where is he?! WHERE IS HE?!" the leader howled. 
			*WHOOSH!*
			"AAAGH!" one screamed, as Connor's pounce made him slam into a desk. His chest heaved out from the hit, and a second slam - this one to the temple - took him down.
			"Circle formation! Back to back!"
			The remaining gunmen fell into position, their lights moving erratically.
			"Shit! Buzzsaw's down!" one gasped, his light illuminating the unconscious sawman.
			"Fuck... fall back! Downsta--!"
			The leader's orders were interrupted by a gripping feeling on his waist. The others turned in to face him, and saw the Werewolf dangling on a rope from above, like a sleeping bat. He gripped tightly, and the leader screamed as both sped up into the ceiling. The three remaining gunmen fired wildly.
			"Cease fire! Cease fire!" the leader begged. He then howled as he dropped down. The rope went taut around his ankles, and he yelped in pain and horror.
			"GO! JUST GO!" one roared, and they broke formation and ran like spooked animals.
			Or rather, two did. One felt an impact on his back, which tightened. The morphed suction cup reeled him in, screaming and crying hysterically. His comrades didn't stop for a moment.
			"GET IN THE TRUCK! NOW!" one roared, diving down the stairs. Before he could take his own advice, Connor jump-kicked him. He sprawled down the stairs, his chin brusing on them.
			His partner was similarly unlucky. A slam to the gut, then the head, and finally a sweep of the legs took him out.
			The four horrified robbers quickly hauled into their truck. Connor grabbed one fallen soldier's gun, and threw it as hard as he could. The stock made contact with a forehead, and he wobbled for a moment, before falling down flat.
			The truck pulled out, and sped off. For an armoured vehicle, it had surprising speed and agility. Connor flexed his calves, and gave chase. He used his grapple to launch himself into the air, and reformed his glider.

			"What the fuck even is that thing?!" one asked, pale as a sheet.
			"Fuck if I know. I thought it was all some rumour." the driver shuddered.
			"Shit, do you see that?" another gasped, pointing at a black mass moving in the sky behind them.
			"Is that him?"
			"Did he see us?!"
			Two dots at the front of the mass burned a bright red.
			"OH FUCK! HE'S COMING FOR US!"
			"FLOOR IT!"
			The truck ripped forwards through the streets. A parked car had the unfortunate position of being in its way, and was shunted violently, crumpling.
			A man ran out of the shop next to it, and screamed in horror.
			"NO! NOT THAT ONE TOO! IT WAS A RENTAL!"
			He looked up, and saw the gliding Werewolf.
			"Fucking superheroes..." he muttered.

			"They're driving recklessly - could be dangerous. *Very* dangerous." Connor muttered over his earpiece. "Shannon, there should be a zero-day exploit on the computer. It'll set all traffic lights across the city to red."
			"Is that 'lockdown.exe'?"
			He dived down a little to pick up his velocity. "That's the one."
			"Running it now. Um... why do you have that ready to go?"
			"Are you asking why, or how?" he grinned.
			"...okay, I get the 'why.' How?"
			"KGB trade secret." Ivan snarked.
			Connor was sailing through the air, fast - but the truck was moving faster. He needed a boost, and quickly.
			Inspiration struck as they approached the metro bridge.
			His gauntlets shifted and turned, as the armour liquefied and reformed. Ink-black globules formed above his wrists, which spread out like wings. Mechanical components slowly staggered into existence, and they hardened into the new design.
			Crossbows. Wrist-mounted crossbows.
			Connor morphed his grappling ropes into them, created a spool and a winding mechanism, and aimed them at the bridge. Then, he fired.
			They clinged onto the metal structure, and immediately went taut. Connor reeled them in as quick as he could, and just before hitting the bridge, he let go.
			The momentum was just what he needed. He sailed through the air, and dived back down. He hit the tarmac ahead of the truck hard enough to leave a new pothole for the council to worry about.
			"FUCK! HE'S HERE!" the driver gasped.
			"Floor it! Run him down!"
			Connor raised his arms. The crossbows morphed and reloaded, this time with sharp, barbed bolts. He took aim, and fired.
			The bolts sank into the heavy, military-grade tyres, and air immediately screamed out of them. The truck began to turn uncontrollably, and then...
			*SMACK!*
			It landed on its side, shaking the ground with the impact.
			Connor walked over - slowly, grimly - and shattered the windscreen with his fist. He grabbed the driver and his passenger, and threw them to the curb.
			He walked around to the back, ready to do the same to the last man standing. Then...
			*CHK-CHK! BANG!*
			The shotgun's blast slammed into his chest, and he fell backwards, staggered and dazed. The gunman looked down at the bloodied Werewolf's exposed chest, and went pale in shock and horror.
			He went paler still, as Connor rose up. Blood poured from the holes in his chest, as the suit struggled and squirmed around him. In moments, he was covered again.
			"What... what are you?" he asked in shock.
			He was answered by four knuckles to the temple.
			"I'm the Werewolf." Connor spat.
			"Don't... don't do cheesy one liners." Ivan groaned.
			"Fuck you."
			"ARMED POLICE! STAY WHERE... Uh... st-stay where you are..." the late-as-always cavalry stammered.
			Connor grinned, walking towards them. "All yours."
			He walked on past, and faded into the night.

		The Hero
		______________________________
		SCENE
			2nd of January, 2016. The air was cold, but at least it wasn't pissing it down with rain as per usual.
			Connor stood at a motorway service station, with Sparky going toilet on the grass. He picked up Sparky's poop, and binned it.
			"Connor?" Sparky asked, tilting his head. "Why is it that when we're in the forest, if I poop, you won't pick it up - but when we're out here, or in the dog park, you do?"
			"Ah. Well, truth be told, I'm supposed to pick up your poop in the woods, too - but the way I see it, if deer and cows and foxes already poop there, it's no harm done for you to do so, as well. But in public, it would be wrong - because someone could step on your poop without realising. In the forest, you're going to walk on poop - it's just a fact. But out here, that's not fair, because the people here didn't agree to step in poop... Why am I giving such a long-winded explanation about this in public?" Connor caught himself, and waved awkwardly at an older couple who were looking at him funnily. 
			"Note to self - talking to your dog makes you look crazy. Telling people your dog can talk back is worse."
			Sparky laughed. "I just wanted to hear you say 'poop' loads." he admitted.
			Connor glared at him, then burst into laughter, before turning it into an awkward cough and returning to the car.

			"All sorted?" Trey asked, stretching and yawning.
			"Yeah, all good." Connor grinned. "Hey, at least this dog actually tells me when they need toilet. Stella would just piss on your lap."
			"Advantages of having a telepathic wolf, eh?" Trey snarked, stroking Sparky's ears. "Whosagoodboyyyy?"
			"I am!" Sparky beamed.
			"Anyway, forgot to ask - how was last night?"
			"You didn't check the news?" Connor tilted his head.
			"I was hungover from the moment I got home on New Year's, up until about an hour ago."
			"Valid." Connor chuckled. "Stopped some bank robbers last night."
			"You always get the fun jobs..." Sparky whined.
			"Hey, buddy... your job was way more important." Connor countered. "Stopping the shipments of those guns now means we can avoid 10 bank robberies later."
			"Still... I call dibs on the next big one."
			"Deal."
			Trey looked at both in awe. "I wish I was fluent in dog."
			Connor chuckled, as Sparky gave him a comforting lick.
			"Anyway... why bother stopping a bank robbery? You're not exactly the biggest fan of banks."
			"Sure, I'm not. They're just another gang - except their theft is legal." Connor shrugged. "But if I didn't intervene, chances are someone would've died. Either the cops would get shot up, or the robbers would."
			Trey smiled proudly.
			"Right, let me phone Chloe while we drive." Connor began, connecting his phone's Bluetooth to the hands-free. The phone rang, and Chloe answered.
			"Heya! How are you guys?" she asked happily.
			"Hey! We're good thanks - GPS says we're about an hour away."
			"Hi Chloe! I can't wait to see you again!" Sparky shouted.
			"Aww, hello to you too, Sparky! Hah, I can hear him barking in the background." Chloe replied, getting the message somewhat.
			"How's it going? How have you been since Christmas?"
			Chloe's tone shifted slightly. "Yeah, I've been okay. I told you I went round Bea's for New Years, didn't I?"
			"Ah, yeah I think you did." Connor replied. "Well, if it makes you feel any better, it doesn't sound like Trey had a good Christmas either."
			"Why would that make me feel better?"
			"Well, it's Trey suffering. Makes me feel better." Connor smirked.
			"Hah... he's in the car with you, isn't he?" Chloe noted, smirking likewise.
			"How did you figure that?"
			"Because you're the opposite of two faced - you're only horrible about people in person. Behind their backs, you have nothing but praise." she answered, beaming with pride at having deduced correctly.
			"Huh. I suppose that's a pretty good point." he mused, agreeing with the characterisation.
			"Hi, Chloe." Trey grinned. "You missed your calling as a detective."
			"Hey, Trey!" she chuckled. "Sorry to hear about your Christmas."
			"Ah, don't be." he shrugged. "How are things at Bea's place?"
			"Well, they had a better Christmas than ours." she snarked, before her tone turned slightly. "She spent half of it with Charlie."
			"Oh?"
			"Yeah... Don't tell her I told you, but she said he kicked off at her. But... she kept making excuses for him. Anyway, if you guys are only an hour away, I'll go wake Bea up now. I'll see you when you get here!"
			"See you in a bit!" both boys replied.
			"Hmm..." Trey said, lost in thought.
			"You okay?" Connor asked.
			"Yeah, just... the whole thing with Bea and Charlie. Everything I learn about the guy makes me worry more."
			"I know what you mean. Chloe sounds worried, that's for sure." Connor mused.
			"Wow, you acually picked up on her subtext for a change!" Trey teased. "I heard the way she answered the phone - she was very happy to hear from you."
			"Well, I mean... I get happy when you call me, doesn't mean I'm in love with you."
			"Wow, first a hangover and now heartbreak, all in one road trip? What a cruel, cruel world."

		Driving to Bea's
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The car arrived outside Bea's house. Chloe and Bea came out to greet the boys, as did Bea's sister Tea. Chloe ran straight to Connor and hugged him, before pulling back.
			"Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot you don't like hugs..." she said shyly.
			Connor smiled and hugged her back. He said, in a rehearsed voice, "Privet, Chloe!"
			Chloe chuckled and smiled, surprised. "Haha, privet, Connor! Ty uchilsya russkiy, poka menya ne bylo?" 
			Connor shyly replied with "Hah, um, da - Ya ty uchilsya russkiy, poka menya ne bylo?" - fumbling over the words.
			Chloe chuckled and smiled, respecting his effort. "Ah, you mean 'Ya uchilsya, poka tebya ne bylo.' - 'I learned while you were away.'"
			Connor replied, grateful for the correction, "Ah, da, spasibo! Ya boryus... Ya boryus s..." in broken Russian before switching back to English. "Spoken languages were never my strong suit." he laughed awkwardly.
			Chloe chuckled, impressed that Connor would even try. Meanwhile, Bea had headed straight for Trey and embraced him. Tea approached.
			"Hiya, you must be Charlie - I'm Tea, Bea's little sister. I've heard so much about you!" she said, holding out her hand for him to shake. Trey shuffled awkwardly, but shook her hand. Bea blushed and wilted away.
			"Uh, actually, my name is Trey." he said, smiling awkwardly.
			"Ah-Oh." Tea replied, her eyes widening with embarassment. "Uh... pleased to meet you, Trey!" she stammered.
			"Hah, likewise." Trey replied, laughing it off. Bea looked like if a hole in the ground opened up, she would climb straight into it. Failing that, she buried her face in her hands. Connor and Chloe realised what had happened, and awkwardly shuffled.
			"So, um..." Bea began, and gulped. "Um, you guys wanna come inside? It's a long journey back, you can both stretch your legs first."
			"Yes please - it's freezing out here." Connor replied. "Let me go let Sparky out of the car - he's okay to come in, right?"
			"Oh, yes of course!" Bea smiled. "Let him jump on the sofas and everything - our family love dogs. Mum's actually been craving a dog cuddle ever since Mollie passed away."
			Connor nodded and let Sparky out.
			"Hello! Hi Chloe! Hi Bea! Hi, Woman Who Looks And Smells A Bit Like Bea!" Sparky barked, greeting Chloe, Bea, and Tea respectively.
			"Hah, he's a vocal pup isn't he?" Tea beamed. Connor smiled and stroked Sparky's ears. Sparky whined slightly - only Connor picked up on it. 
			"You guys go in - I think Sparky might need a wee." he said.
			"Huh? No, I went at the funny petrol-smelling place--ohhhh." Sparky began, realising Connor wanted to speak with him. "I mean, yes, I need a pee very badly."
			"Okay - door's unlocked, just let yourself in." Bea smiled, and the rest of the group went inside. Once the door closed, Connor squatted down to Sparky's level. Sparky looked sad.
			"Hey, bud..." Connor began, scratching behind Sparky's ears. "I know it's frustrating to you, that no one else can hear you."
			"It was almost easier before we met." Sparky opened. "I don't mean that. I'm so happy to have you in my pack. But before, I assumed that no one could hear me, and that was just the way things are. All the thoughts, all the words in my head - I assumed they were mine, and mine alone. Then we met, and I learned what having friends was like. And I love all our friends, I really do - but its sad that I can't speak to them properly."
			"I know, bud..." Connor smiled sadly, and scratched Sparky's chin, which he appreciated. "Is there anything I can do?"
			Sparky looked away. "I just... I just miss my sister."
			"I'm sorry, bud. I'm guessing that all the times I leave you when I'm on mission, or busy, or whatever - I bet that really gets to you, huh? I'm sorry - I didn't even think how lonely you must get."
			"It's okay." Sparky reassured him. "It is what it is. And we both do have a mission - to get back at the bad men who hurt us. And to make sure they never do it to anyone else again."
			His posture changed, as if he'd relaxed. "I think I'm ready to go inside now."
			"Okay, buddy... but hey, if you ever need to talk to me about these things, you can, okay?" Connor said gently.
			"Well, what choice do I have? It's not like I can talk to anyone else about it." Sparky replied sarcastically, a single eyebrow raised and his mouth curling into a smirk - this expression looked funny on humans, but downright hilarious on wolves.
			Connor chuckled, and they went inside.

			"So, this is my place." Bea said, gesturing to the house.
			"It's massive!" Trey replied in wonder.
			"Quick question - is there a reason you and Tea both have single-letter names?" Connor asked, eyebrow raised.
			"I mean, they're nicknames." Bea replied, smirking.
			"Wait--what? Your name's not Bea?"
			Bea and Chloe burst out laughing, as did Tea.
			"She's Beatrice. I'm Theresa." Tea explained. "We always joke that if mum had a boy, she'd've called him Jason, or Jay."
			"Oh! Right, of course..." Connor smiled awkwardly, laughing it off.
			"Wait until he learns Amy's name is Amelia." Trey quipped. "Or that mine ain't Trey."
			"Shut up, Trevor." Connor retorted, and the group went in, chuckling.
			"Seriously? 'Trevor'?" asked Bea, cheekily.
			"Glass houses, Beatrice." Trey replied, sticking his tounge out playfully.
			There, Bea's family were relaxing in their spacious living room.
			"Mum, dad, these are my friends - Trey and Connor." Bea introduced the boys.
			"Lovely to meet you! I'm Anya, Bea's mum." she introduced herself. She spoke with an accent that seamlessly blended Received Pronounciation with her native Zulu. She wore her hair in a short afro, and had large silver hoop earings dangling from her ears. She, like Bea, seemed like she couldn't move without animation. Trey remembered Bea telling him her mother had been an Opera singer - he couldn't help but think, if he'd never been told that and asked to guess her job, he wouldn't've landed far off.
			"I'm Patrick - Bea's dad." he introduced himself. Everything about him screamed "boring middle-aged man," but he clearly accepted that long ago. He had short, curly greying hair, with awkward sideburns that stretched only barely past his earlobes. A strong smell of mint emanated from him - clearly, one of his christmas presents had been an aftershave. Indeed, Connor noticed his surprisingly colourful cardigan contrasting with his relatively bland outfit, and assumed whichever daughter didn't get him the aftershave got him the jumper instead.
			"Lovely to meet you both! I'm Trey."
			"Good to meet yous! I'm Connor."
			"And who's this?!" Anya squeed as Sparky trotted in.
			"Hi Anya Bea's Mum! Hi Patrick Bea's Dad!" Sparky barked happily.
			"Oh my goodness! Hello!" Anya beamed.
			"Come on, buddy!" Patrick laughed. "Up-up!"
			Sparky gladly jumped on the sofa and began licking both parents. They giggled.
			They all sat down around the coffee table.
			"So - Connor, Trey. How did you guys meet Chloe and Bea?" Anya asked.
			"Well, we met them at different moments." Trey began.
			"I met Chloe at the university library - I was curious about some stuff, and google wasn't helping - and she explained a book to me." Connor explained. "Then, I met Bea through my little sister Amy."
			"And I was the opposite. I met Bea while Connor and Chloe were geeking out, and then I met Chloe through Amy." Trey added.
			"How do you guys know Amy?" Patrick enquired.
			"Well, we met her on a night out - she beat up some creep who was harassing us." Bea began.
			Anya chuckled. "Sounds like one of ours then."
			Bea and Tea both smirked.
			"And you're both locals to Drackhill?" Patrick asked.
			"Yep - born and bred, I am." Trey nodded.
			"Same here - well, technically." Connor chuckled.
			"What's Drackhill like?" Tea asked.
			"Eh..." the boys shrugged in unison.
			"It's a little grim." Connor replied.
			"It's calmed down a bit lately though." Trey added. "The Patriots have taken a step back."
			"I've heard stories." Anya nodded. "Some 'Werewolf' or something - a vigilante who goes around beating up bad guys and saving innocents."
			"Hah - yeah, that's the one." Bea smiled. "He saved our lives, once."
			"Oh God, of course - I forgot that story." Patrick nodded. "Some serial-killer or something?"
			"He's basically a superhero." Tea grinned. "Everyone on Facebook and Reddit is going on about him."
			"They are?" Connor asked, surprised - and scared.
			"Yeah - look here." Tea said, showing her phone screen.
			It was playing a video, shot from someone's smartphone from a flat window - of him intercepting the truck last night.
			"God, we leave town for a couple of weeks, and there's bank robberies going on?" Bea grinned.
			"Hey, I needed the cash." Connor quipped, to chuckles.

		Picking up Bea and Chloe
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor sat on a park bench overlooking the river, while Sparky was enjoying a new ball-throwing machine. Ivan approached, and sat next to Connor.
			"Privet, tovarishch." he announced himself with. "Good work last night!"
			"Hah, thanks. Any news on your side?"
			"Our friends in the KGB are happy. We have a new mission as well - wetwork again." Ivan said matter-of-factly.
			"Contract killing?"
			"Da. This one's a favour for the KGB specifically." Ivan replied. He opened his briefcase and handed Connor a photo. It was of a man in army fatigues, addressing a crowd of soldiers.
			"Vadim Zamaldayev. Chechen warlord. He's been responsible for repeated killings of Soviet loyalists - and any ethnic minorities or gay people he can get his hands on." Ivan said, barely masking his disgust.
			"You have history with him?" Connor asked.
			"Da. I was a Commissar in the army when he took Grozny. I was there, during the evacuation. That's where I met Isabella."
			"Well, if he's responsible for you being an ammosexual, I'm definitely killing him." Connor grinned.
			Ivan laughed, before turning more serious. "There's more. Look at this..." he turned the page, revealing a letter sent from Zamaldayev to the Commandant.
			"Him..." Connor growled.
			"Indeed." Ivan grimly nodded. "Zamaldayev has a direct line to Paladin's leader, and the Optimates' attack dog."
			In the letter, Zamaldayev thanked the Commandant for his provision of Super-Serum to the Chechen Secret Service - and detailed how he used these new super-soldiers to wipe out a village of Kumyk people. His fist clenched.
			"What's the KGB offering in return?" Connor asked. Ivan smirked.
			"They've offered to dig up dirt on Morland." Ivan answered. "That's right, they'll find out why your Chloe was put on the case."
			Connor smiled. "Well, I would have killed this piece of shit either way, but if you insist..."
			"One small thing." Ivan added. "We're only supposed to kill his Super-Agents. We need to bring Zamaldayev to Leningrad - I'll handle that part. KGB want to have a few words before they bury him."
			Ivan sighed and looked out into the horizon. He removed his sunglasses, revealing his black-veined eyes. The cost of Connor's salvation by serum was more than just physical.
			"Ivan?" Connor asked, concerned.
			"We're so close." he replied. "Soviet loyalists have been moving further and further east from our strongholds in Belarus and Leningrad. Loyalists further east have made gains in Siberia, and Kazakhstan is close to rejoining. Killing Zamaldayev means we can start making motion in the Caucasus, and it means Volgograd can begin supporting us on its own. We take this man... We're one step closer to getting Moscow back. And from that, we can begin to rebuild." he explained wistfully.
			"The Soviet Union, reborn..." Connor mused. "It's been 7 years now since it all went wrong."
			"Nyet." Ivan replied. "It all went wrong when that idiot Kruglov took over. The day he was beheaded by rebels was a day of celebration for both loyalists and separatists."
			"It's been so long..." Connor noted. "What will the new Union look like?"
			"I don't know." Ivan admitted. "We've been on a war footing for too long. Ever since the Cold War, we've been in a siege mentality."
			He sighed. "What is obvious is that we cannot just allow unelected bureaucrats to run the place like Kruglov did. Otherwise we're no better than the capitalist nations we fight against."
			Connor joined Ivan in watching the horizon. "Well, for what it's worth - the USSR had it's problems, but it was clearly better than the warzone Eurasia has become."
			"Eto verno... But that's not enough. When Comrade Lenin passed the reigns to Bukharin, the union was full of hope. We were a true socialist democracy. But now, look at us, less than 100 years on. We were supposed to be better than that. The days of brother shooting brother were supposed to be behind us." Ivan lamented.
			Connor sighed. "Either way... You've done so much for me. If this helps you regain your home, and stops a madman from killing your people, I'm in. Because I'm done seeing borders and nations. Your people are my people, far more than any king or colonel can claim to be."
			Ivan beamed with pride. "We'll make a revolutionary out of you yet, tovarishch."
			"Mate, are you forgetting I'm Irish?" Connor replied, his subtle Derry accent becoming slightly stronger. "We were fighting kings before your lot made it past the Urals."
			Ivan chuckled. "By the way, I have a letter for you. It's from the President of Algeria. Since you took down Hattab, there's been something of a democratic renaissance there. Locals are calling it the Algerian Spring."
			Connor raised an eyebrow and opened the letter.

			"To the esteemed Al-Dhib,

			I hope this letter finds you well.
			I wish to write to you on behalf of the people of Algeria, thanking you for your deposition of the would-be-tyrant General Omar Hattab.
			But aside from them, I owe you my personal thanks for saving my life.
			Thanks to your courage and determination, Hattab's treacherous plot was thwarted, and the people of Algeria can rest easy, knowing that war has been averted.
			Though I do not know your name, your story, or your reasons, I know that you were our salvation in a pivotal moment for our struggle for freedom and truth.
			Please accept my eternal gratitude, and that of the Algerian people. Again, I know not your circumstances - but, I assure you that should you ever find yourself in need of safe haven, you will always find a home and a friendly ear in Algiers.

			Yours,
			Abdal Mohammed el-Bennani
			President of Algeria."

			Connor smiled. "Al-Dhib?" he asked.
			"The Wolf." Ivan replied. "Seems your Werewolf nickname is growing on people."
			Connor thought for a moment. "Paladin is stepping up, and we are too. This whole thing could blow up in a bad way. You know... It's probably not a bad idea to bear in mind his offer of sanctuary."
			"Indeed." Ivan nodded. "We'll take down Zamaldayev soon - it'll take a while for the KGB to get us an opening."
			Connor bowed his head. "Anything else? Any new locations to hit?"
			Ivan stroked his beard. "Maybe. I heard rumours of some human trafficking ring - but we don't have the surveillance for that. I'd ask your friend Tommy if he's heard anything. Other than that... how are you for cash?"
			Connor tilted his head.
			Ivan grinned. "We've got another bit of wetwork if you're up for it. Here..." he pulled out a dossier.
			"Ramon Murillo - also known as El Lobo."
			"The Wolf?" Connor grinned.
			"I wish copyright infringement was the worst of his crimes, bratan." Ivan laughed, before turning serious. "He's a drug kingpin in Mexico. Now, the CNI have his location, but they'd need to raise an army to challenge him. Aside from the costs, that'd be political suicide. But lucky for them... I have an army sat on this bench."
			Connor paused. "I'm not sure. This guy's not linked to the Optimates, is he?"
			"He's a kingpin who sucks the blood of his countrymen." Ivan shrugged. "Payout is 2 million. Not to mention... well, a man of those means could get his hands on super-serum. So we don't know he's *not* connected."
			"How can they afford that if they can't even afford to arrest him?" Connor cocked an eyebrow.
			"The FBI wants him gone too." Ivan explained. "He's not a good man, Connor."
			Still, Connor hesitated. "I don't like killing humans, unless they're with the Optimates. And we both know how I had to work up the spite to kill Hughes, even with his crimes. My moral lines in the sand... they seem to keep going further and further back."
			Ivan nodded, with an almost fatherly understanding. "I get it, bratan. But... well, he's still a bad man. And he might not be making fascist supersoldiers, but he's still killing innocent people. Think about it, eh? With that money, the Syndicate could make some real motion out here. Besides, we won't get an opening for him soon, either. So you have time to consider."
			Connor nodded. "Alright - I'll sleep on it."
			At that, his phone buzzed.
			"Hang on..." he said, taking it out.
			A text from Tommy.
			"urgent meet @ horse. wear costume"
			Connor sighed, and showed it.
			"I'll drop you off." Ivan nodded, rising.

		Ivan and Connor catch up
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The door creaked as it opened. Connor stepped into the Horse backroom, his costume morphed up. Ivan and Sparky followed in behind him. Tommy and Shannon looked up, relieved at the heroes' arrival.
			"That was quick." Tommy nodded.
			"You said it was urgent." Connor shrugged. "Oh, right - you've not met in person until now."
			"Ivan Sokolov, KGB." he saluted. "I'm a big fan of your work, Shannon."
			"Oh, thanks." Shannon smiled shyly.
			Ivan saluted deferentially, and turned back. "And Mr. Crane - nice to finally meet properly."
			Tommy waved by his brow, as if doffing an invisible cap. "Likewise, comrade."
			"And who's the dog?" Shannon asked, smiling warmly.
			"Hi! I'm Sparky!" he trotted over. "Are you the nice computer lady Connor told me about?"
			"Shannon, this is Sparky." Connor gestured. "My sapient, telepathic wolf."
			Her eyes lit up in bemusement. "Do all superheroes get one of those?"
			Connor cleared his throat. "What was so urgent that we needed to swing by like this?"
			"Something big." Shannon began, going pale - clearly, she'd enjoyed putting this part off. She opened up one of her laptops to reveal a document. "I hacked into a server belonging to Gambit Security Services."
			"The Paladin front?"
			"The very same. Their countermeasures kicked in before I could finish downloading their files. I was repairing the ones I could, and found... this."
			She gestured to the file.
			"An IRC chat log. It's only partially restored, but..."
			Connor leaned in, taking a look.
			
			@VZ1183: shipment arrived in angleport 2day
			@VZ1183: have spoken w/ Tallyman re: standing orders
			@CR9458: livestock ?
			@VZ1183: /juvenile/ livestock
			@CR9458: shit
			@CR9458: we got dibs ?
			@VZ1183: of course
			@VZ1183: orders are to test livestock & send data 2 Tallyman
			@VZ1183: compatible livestock will be sent to us
			@CR9458: and the incompatible ?
			@VZ1183: highest bidder

			"Livestock..." Connor scowled.
			"That's what the Patriots call their trafficked slaves." Tommy shuddered. "The word 'juvenile' implies--"
			"Kids." Ivan grimaced. "Yebanyye svin'i..."
			"Killing Hughes made a dent, but it was always going to need more than that to bring his rotten empire down." Tommy sighed. "And if he was connected to those... 'Optimates' or whatever... they'd have the money to replace him."
			"That just means more monsters for us to kill." Sparky growled lowly.
			Connor rubbed his temples softly, and took a deep breath.
			"Working theory - they're testing for some kind of genetic or physiological factor, and taking the ones that have it to be experimented on." Shannon explained.
			"They could be connected to the same spooks who took Whiplash." Ivan mused. "Or they could just be testing super-serum."
			"Or just your normal, mundane organ harvesting. Not to mention what they'll do to the other kids." Tommy sighed. "Either way, they need to be stopped."
			"Too right. Shannon, do you have any idea where they're being held?"
			"No, sorry." she shook her head.
			Connor paused for a moment, stroking his chin.
			"If we go to the Gambit lab where they're expecting the kids... odds are there'll be a clue where they're being sent from."
			"That would be handy... *if* we knew where the lab was." Tommy sighed.
			"Maybe we can find out..." Shannon mused. "Gambit's network is pretty secure - I've been trying to find an employee list, and I've got nothing. But a lot of their lower-level thugs officially work for shell companies. Those companies get registered, operate for a few weeks, and then get wound up before the authorities can take notice. If we can figure out what the current shell is..."
			"We can get an idea on their assets. And we can find out their human employees."
			"How does that help us?" Tommy cocked an eyebrow.
			"You can't interrogate Super-Agents - they're conditioned to choose death over capture." Ivan explained clinically. "Humans can be... coerced."
			"Slight problem..." Shannon sighed. "The only way we could realistically get an idea who works there would be by running a search on the national database. I can't access that without tripping, like, a bazillion different alarms, and getting us in deep, deep shit."
			"I'll dig around for the shell company." Connor nodded. "It's been too long since Il Lupo paid someone a visit."
			Tommy chuckled. "As for searching the database?"
			"I bet a detective inspector would have access, right?"
			"You're not suggesting..."
			"He's already de facto part of the team." Connor shrugged. "Might as well make it official."

			Vitale's gilded grin flashed in the smoke of the dark room. A pair of buxom young women strutted in, wearing little more than bikinis.
			"Oh, ladies... you're making me blush." he chuckled. They giggled, and crawled up to him.
			"What would you like us to do, Mr. Vitale?" one asked.
			"Oh... well, let's start with--"
			"*Ahem.*"
			Connor's red eyes flashed, and both women shrieked and ran. He slammed the door shut, as Vitale sighed.
			"Fuckin' hell, Lupo. First you bust my arms shipment, and now this."
			"I'm not here about the guns - though, for the record, I'd advise you stop buying them, if you don't want your men suffering concussions."
			He smirked, zipping back up his trousers. "Couldn't you have waited, like, five minutes?"
			"That depends - what would you be doing in the remaining four and a half?"
			"...snuggle?"
			Connor laughed, rolling his shoulders. "I need some information."
			"Yeah, don't you always." Vitale chuckled. "By the way, nice new getup. Don't suppose you could recommend me a tailor?"
			"Ha ha. Listen - there's been a shipment that arrived in Angleport yesterday. Kids."
			"Nothing to do with me." Vitale shook his head. "Filthy business, that. Any of my boys mess around like that, I'll feed 'em their balls on a silver plate."
			"But our mutual enemies... they're not so principled, are they?"
			Vitale grinned again. "I don't anything about this particular dirt - except rumours. Now, as you know, I'm a respectable business man. I try to run an ethical company. That means I make sure to know that the arms and drug traffickers I work with ain't selling people on the side."
			He lit a cigar, and took a puff.
			"They keep 'em in shipping containers. Packed like fuckin' sardines. There's padding on the inside - so's you can't hear 'em screaming... but you do anyway. Any trafficker with half a brain would pick a location that didn't have any neighbours - ideally, one with a storage room underground. There's only one gang in town with *that* kind of cash, and it ain't mine or yours. It's Gambit."
			"They operate that side of the business through shell companies. It'd help me if you knew which one they used."
			Vitale took another puff.
			"You didn't hear this from me, right?"
			"Of course."
			"Ainsworth Holdings. I checked, and they don't officially own any properties - but they do have employees. My guess, one of them'd squeal if Il Lupo came calling."
			"Do you have any names?"
			Vitale shook his head. "Ainsworth's all I've got. But they're definitely involved - I'd bet me gold teeth."
			Connor rose, his gaze dimming. "Thanks, Vitale. I'll regret saying this, but... I owe you one."
			"Nah." he said, lip curling. "You take on Gambit and rescue those kids? This one's on the house."
			Connor smiled softly. "You're not a good guy. But you're a good bad guy."
			Vitale raised his cigar, as if in salute. "Buona caccia, amico."

		Tracking Gambit
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Naismith rubbed his weary eyes as he signed out of the building. He nodded farewell to Nina, who smiled and waved him off. 
			Now in his car, he leant back, closed his eyes, and exhaled.
			"Tough day at the office?" Connor asked, leaning forward from his hidden spot in the back seat.
			"WHOA, JESUS... Jesus. You need to stop doing that." Naismith yelped, nearly jumping out of his skin.
			"Hah, sorry..." Connor chuckled. "I need your help."
			"Oh really?" he groaned. "What kind?"
			"Ever heard of Gambit Security Services?"
			"Yeah. Smart money says they're a Patriot front."
			Connor shuffled slightly. "It's more that the Patriots are a Gambit front. Gambit... they're a proxy for Paladin."
			"Well, that explains your interest." Naismith sighed. "What's the problem?"
			"Killing Hughes only took off the dragon's head. Now, we're in a forest full of snakes. My team have found evidence that a shipment of kids arrived in Angleport yesterday. Gambit's called dibs on a few of them for experimentation - the rest'll get sold to the more mundane pervs."
			Naismith shuddered at the words. "Kids..." he said aghast. "What do you need from me?"
			"I need you to run a search. Gambit have a shell company called Ainsworth Holdings - that's this month's proxy. I want you to find anyone registered as an employee there who was given a police caution in the last 72 hours."
			"Why the caution?"
			"Because if a cop saw them recently, they're probably still human." Connor nodded grimly.
			Naismith hesitated, but pulled out his laptop and ran the search.
			"Alright... here. Jimmy Boyle - he was arrested and questioned for racketeering, but released without charge. Does that work?"
			"That works." Connor nodded. "At the very least, he'll give me the name of his boss."
			"Do I need to prepare to meet this punk in the morgue?"
			"If he's human, no. A&E, maybe." Connor shrugged.
			Naismith sighed. "Alright. Was that it?"
			"Yeah. Thanks, detective. This helps."
			Connor rose, leaving the car. Naismith leaned back, taking a deep breath.
			"Fuck... What am I getting myself into now?" he asked himself.

			Jimmy drunkenly stumbled into his run-down flat in the dead of night. He fumbled at the door to lock it, and then switched on the light.
			"Hello, Jimmy." Connor snarled.
			"Oh, fuck." he hiccuped, turning back to the door. A throwing knife buried itself next to his head, and he froze.
			"Bad idea. Why don't you come with me? I wanna have a little chat."
			"Listen, man... I've done nothing, honest."
			"Oh, there's nothing honest about you, Jimmy." he growled. His crossbow morphed up, and he shot his grapple at Jimmy's back. He shrieked in terror as he was reeled in, and Connor held him aloft by the throat.
			"Gambit Security Services. Name ring a bell?!"
			"I--I've never heard of them!"
			"*WRONG ANSWER!*"
			He turned and slammed Jimmy into his balcony window - hard enough to shatter it into dust. He leapt up, perching atop the metal railing and dangling his prey atop the five-storey drop.
			"Start talking! My arm's getting tired."
			"Gagh... bullshit!" Jimmy spat. "No way in hell you're gonna drop me."
			"Oh? What makes you so sure?"
			"You need my info, right? Drop me from here and you'll kill me. Nah, you're bluffing."
			Connor smirked, almost impressed. He popped out his claws, dug them into the wall, and jumped.
			Jimmy screamed as they fell down. Claw marks ripped from his balcony down the side of the block. Finally, they came to a halt at the fourth floor. They hung from the wall, Jimmy dangling over the street.
			"From here, you'll only break your legs! Still wanna try me?!"
			"Oh god, please!" Jimmy begged. "I--I have a family!"
			"Then I'll cripple them, too - now *TALK!*"
			"ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT!" he howled.
			"Where is Gambit taking the kids?!"
			"There's a site in Blackmarsh! They converted an old barn!"
			"WHERE?!"
			"I DON'T KNOW! It's owned by Holten PLC! It's a Gambit front!"
			Connor shook him, and his eyes burned red. "Anything else?!"
			"Gah! There's some spooks from the company doing an inspection tomorrow! Some fuckin' mutants or something!"
			"What *TIME?!*"
			"Twelve! Twelve in the afternoon! That's all I know, man, that's all I know!"
			"If you're lying, I'll come back and break your arms, too!"
			"I'm telling the truth, I swear! Wait... what do you mean, 'too?!'"
			Connor grinned viciously, and released his grip. Jimmy screamed, and a sickening crunch filled the air - followed by louder, deeper screams.

		Naismith is in/Interrogating Jimmy

	The King's Gambit
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			It was mid-2005, and a young Connor was sat in a police room. He was wearing plain clothes that were far too big for him - and his hands were covered in dried blood. He was flanked by two middle-aged women - a solicitor and a safeguarding officer. He stared into the middle distance, unaware of his surroundings.
			"Connor." the solicitor's voice echoed, snapping him into reality.
			"Connor. Officer Flanagan was asking you a question?" she said softly.
			Connor looked up at the officer.
			"Can you describe, in your own words, what happened this evening?" the officer asked.
			Connor looked back into the middle distance.

			Connor and Amy sat at the pickup point of their primary school.
			"Are you okay?" he asked her. His accent was distinctively more Irish than the present day.
			"I'm fine." she forced herself to nod.
			"Okay." Connor smiled, oblivious. A car pulled up, and a middle-aged man came out. Amy shuddered as he approached.
			"Right, see you when you're done with Nia, Connor." the man said. "Amelia, come on. I'm on duty this evening, so I reckon you and I can get up to some fun!"
			Amy shuddered at that - at the news that she'd be home alone with him. "Okay, Mr. Laverty."
			"I've told you, sweetheart - call me James." he said, putting his hand on Amy's back. She tensed at his touch.
			Connor smiled and nodded, but even he had alarm bells ringing in the back of his mind.
			Amy reluctantly entered the car.

			A short while later, another car pulled up. A large middle-aged woman came out.
			"Hi Connor!" she smiled warmly.
			"Hi, Nia." Connor waved. He entered the car, and the two drove to a nearby cafe. There, Vince was waiting. He stood, and Connor rushed over, hugging him.
			"Vince!" Connor shouted in excitement.
			"Hey, my lad..." Vince said, smiling warmly.
			"Hi, Vince!" Nia waved.
			"Thanks for sorting this, Nia." Vince nodded gratefully.
			Nia headed to the counter and got Connor a hot chocolate. He sipped it absently, staring off into the distance.
			"So, how's school?" Vince asked.
			"It's okay. I was confused in RE though."
			"Ahh, I always got confused in RE too." Vince grinned. "What's the mix-up?"
			"I don't understand it. So, they were telling us that the head of the church is the King. But I thought it was the pope? Also, they say the Lord's prayer weird."
			Vince chuckled. "Well, my lad... You go to a Church of England school. They're... they're a little bit different to us Catholics."
			"You mean they're Prods?"
			Vince winced slightly.
			"Connor... It's not nice to call them that word." he began. "I know you had... bad experiences... with Protestants, growing up, but over here, Protestant just means a different faith to ours - nothing more than that."
			Connor sipped his hot chocolate, taking in the thought.
			"So, Connor." Nia chimed in. "How do you think you're getting on, staying in Ashcliffe House?"
			He shrugged. "I still don't understand why I can't stay with Vince."
			"Oh, sweetheart..." Nia sighed. Vince gave him a sad look, and place his hand on his shoulder.
			"Hey, lad... I know it's confusing. But it's only temporary, okay? Once all the paperwork gets sorted, you'll come to live with me. And until then, I'll make sure I always come to these meetings, okay?"
			"Thanks." Connor smiled. "I like Amy, anyway. She's funny. And she knows what it's like to grow up without a mum. A lot of the other kids have mums, so it's nice to have someone else who doesn't."
			Vince smiled sadly. "How about the staff? Do you like them?"
			"Mrs. Kulwin is nice. And so's Mr. Ekwensi. And Ms. Patel. But... There's something off about Mr. Laverty."
			Nia made a note on her paper. "What do you think is wrong with Mr. Laverty?" she asked.
			"He's moody." Connor shrugged. "And he changes a lot. One moment he's all friendly, the next he's grumpy, and the next he's annoying."
			Nia nodded sympathetically. "It can be hard to adjust, especially coming from your situation."
			Connor nodded, and sipped his drink absently.
			"You're quiet today." Vince tilted his head sympathetically. "Is everything okay?"
			"Some boys at school were being mean about my accent." he sighed.
			"That's horrible." Nia said sadly. "I'm sorry, Connor. Some kids just don't realise it's wrong to treat others like that."
			Vince stroked Connor's back affectionately.
			"Amy seemed a little sad as well."
			"She did?" Nia asked, looking worried. "That's a shame. Do you know why she's feeling sad?"
			"I don't know." he shrugged. An idea crossed his mind. "Can I please buy her a brownie from the counter? I think that would cheer her up."
			Nia smiled. "Of course, darling. I'll get one to go. Tell you what - why don't we go home early, and we can surprise her?"
			Connor hesitated. "Can Vince come?"
			"Of course! Visitation is for 2 hours - it doesn't matter where."
			Connor nodded, and smiled.

			Ashcliffe Children's Home.
			Founded in late 1997 to keep up with 'increased demand' - the outbreak of maternal deaths the preceding year meant a lot of children needed somewhere to stay.
			They rarely stayed long - except for one.
			Amy Zhao. One of three kids to survive their birth during the incident. No known family, she'd lived there for several years now. She'd seen many carers come and go. Some she liked, some not so much.
			One, she hated. Feared. Despised.

			"I... I don't want to." she protested, trembling.
			"Do as you are told." Laverty growled.
			"Please, Mr. Laverty, I--"
			He grabbed her hair, and she cried silently.
			Before he could say or do anything else, he heard a knock at the door.
			"Stay here." he snarled. "If you leave this room, I'll kill you. Do you understand?!"
			"Y-yes, Mr. Laverty." she nodded through trembled breaths.
			He let out a sick smile, and headed downstairs.
			"Hi, Mr. Laverty. Connor wanted to pop back round to see Amy?" Nia began.
			"That's very thoughtful, Connor." Laverty nodded, faking a smile. "Amy's feeling really poorly today though, I'm afraid. I've put her to bed, and she mustn't be disturbed."
			"Oh..." Connor frowned. "Can you give her these when she wakes up?" he asked, holding up the bag of treats.
			Vince beamed. "Don't worry, lad - you can give them to her yourself when we get back."
			"*If* she's feeling better." Laverty hurriedly added. Vince rolled his eyes.
			"Alright, well tell Amy we hope she gets well soon." Nia smiled. "Connor, why don't me and Vince take you to the park for the rest of the afternoon?"
			"Oh, yes please!" Connor beamed. They headed back to the car, and Laverty closed the door. He turned around, and looked at Amy's door. A deep breath passed, and he went back upstairs.

			"Higher! Higher!" Connor demanded.
			Vince grinned, pushing the swing even further than before.
			"More!" the little dictator barked. Vince obliged, shoving again.
			The swing launched up, coming dangerously close to looping back around. Thankfully for Vince's blood pressure, it came sailing back down, and Connor giggled as it came to a halt.
			"Phew! I thought you were gonna go flying into space there, lad." Vince chuckled, ruffling Connor's hair.
			"I'd be an astronaut!" Connor noted, smiling widely. "Can I go play on the slide?"
			"Of course you can, lad. I'm gonna go sit down for a minute and talk to Nia, okay?"
			"Alright! See you in a minute!" Connor cheered, racing away.
			Nia chuckled, sipping her water.
			"He's a good kid." Vince said proudly.
			"He sure is." Nia smiled. "At the risk of sounding unprofessional... I think it was a mistake for them to deny you custody rights."
			Vince smiled at hearing that. "Well... Let's just hope these visits evolve into that, eh?"
			"Still... I think it's really good for Amy, as well. The poor girl's been bounced from home to home... I'll admit, that was part of the reason we decided to place him in Ashcliffe specifically. Both of them really needed each other."
			Vince nodded sadly. "Connor said it himself - it's nice to have a friend who's been through the same thing."
			"Well, not completely the same." Nia began. "But you've helped him so much. When I read his history, I must admit I was worried - but he's remarkably well-adjusted, all things considered."
			Vince looked at Connor, his eyes softening.

			"You're doing really well, Connor." Officer Flanagan said calmly.
			He stared downwards. "I don't like this next bit."
			"It's alright." the solicitor began, going to put her hand on his shoulder. The safeguarding officer silently batted her hand away, shaking her head.
			Connor looked up at both women, and nodded in appreciation, before continuing.

			It was late, now. Despite the rules, Connor hand managed to get an extra hour of visitation. Vince hugged his nephew tightly, and dropped him back off at Ashcliffe.
			"Sleep well, lad. I'll see you on Thursday, yeah?"
			Connor nodded sadly, and hugged him back. Then, he went inside.
			"Hello, Mr. Laverty." he waved halfheartedly.
			"It's late." he muttered, not looking up from his book. "You should be in bed."
			"How's Amy feeling?"
			"She's still not well. Don't disturb her."
			"Okay."
			Connor softly walked up the stairs. He went to his room, but then stopped. He turned, and tried Amy's door.
			He pushed, but it wouldn't budge - locked.
			"What did I just tell you?!" Laverty snapped, grabbing Connor's arm.
			"Sorry." Connor whispered, looking away.
			"Go to bed. *Now.*"
			Connor nodded, and headed to his room.
			He sat for a while, deep in thought. He pressed his ear to the wall, and heard Laverty descend.
			His eyes darted side-to-side, deep in thought.
			Then he crawled over to his window, and opened it.
			The breeze was cold and bitter. He hesitated, but a look of determination crossed his face. He held the bag of brownies in his mouth, and crawled out.

			Connor was far, far from the agile superhuman he would one day be horrifically reshaped into. But that didn't matter - Amy was alone, and he was worried about her. He gripped onto the ledge as strong as he could, and shuffled his way over. Finally, he reached her window, and gingerly tapped on it thrice.
			Amy was shook from her stupor, and crawled over to it. She looked out, gasped, and slid her window open, grabbing his hand to help him in.
			"What are you doing?" she whispered.
			Connor released his jaw, handing over the bag. "I wanted to get you a brownie."
			She tilted her head incredulously, before wrapping him in a hug.
			She couldn't hold it any more - the tears poured out.
			"What's wrong?" he asked, confused. "Mr. Laverty said you were sick."
			"*He's* sick..." she hissed.
			"What do you mean?"
			"Nothing!" she quickly added. "J-just forget I said anything."
			"Amy... you can tell me."
			"He said if I tell you, he'd do it to you, too."
			Connor pulled his head back. "Do *what* to me?"

			Laverty turned the page of his book, reading intently. The fireplace had been on, but was now dim embers. The poker rested next to it.
			His focus was interrupted by the sound of small feet descending the stairs.
			He looked up, and rolled his eyes.
			"Go to bed, Connor."
			He didn't reply. Instead, he walked into the living room, his pupils constricted.
			"What? Do you want something?"
			"Did you hurt Amy?"
			Laverty's eyes widened, and his lip curled. "Wh-what?"
			"Did you hurt Amy?"
			He looked away. "Go back to bed."
			"Did. You. Hurt. Amy?"
			"I said, go. To. Bed." he rose, scowling.
			"Not until you answer me. Did you hurt Amy?"
			"You two need to get a grip. Your imaginations must be getting the better of--"
			"DID YOU, OR DIDN'T YOU?!" Connor screamed.
			Immediately, he felt a backhand clip across his face. He fell to the ground, and clutched his cheek.
			"You... ungrateful little shit." he snarled. "I look after the pair of you, after you kill your own mothers, and this is how you repay me?!"
			He went to strike again. Connor grabbed the incoming wrist with all his little strength, and bit down on a finger.
			Laverty roared, slamming his head into the floor. Then a kick to the chest - and then another. And another.
			"Please, let him go! Don't hurt him!" Amy begged.
			"You! What did you tell him?!"
			"I--I--" she stammered, shrinking back.
			Laverty sent another kick - this one to Connor's head - and Amy snapped. She pounced, jumping onto his back like a raging monkey, and tried to emulate a chokehold.
			Laverty snarled, and slammed his back against the wall. The air knocked from her lungs.
			"YOU LITTLE BITCH!" he roared, slamming her to the ground and wrapping his hands around her throat.
			Connor forced himself to stay conscious. Hot blood dripped from his head and nostrils.
			He closed his eyes, as his heartbeat drummed in his head.

			"After that, I can't remember anything." he shrugged.
			"You have to try." Flanagan replied.
			"Officer Flanagan." the safeguarding officer stepped in. "Connor had a blackout after seeing what he saw. Ask the other witnesses."
			Flanagan nodded softly. "Of course. All right."
			"Am I in trouble?" Connor asked timidly.
			Flanagan hesitated. "I, um... Based on what you and the others have told me, I don't think there's any reason to press charges. I'll consult with the crown prosecutor, but... I can't see any chance of them seeking to charge you. You'll be held here for a maximum of 5 more hours."
			Connor sighed, and looked down. "I can't remember it clearly... but..."
			Flanagan leant in, taking notes.

			Amy looked up in terror. All she saw was *his* face. Her vision was going blurry, and her chest burned. She kicked as hard as she could, but he only tightened his grip.
			Desperately, she reached her tiny arms up, and dug her thumbs into his eyes. He screamed in agony as blood dripped down, and throttled her harder.
			Her eyes started to roll back. It was getting dark, now.
			Part of her was glad. It would all be over soon.

			*SHK-SQUELCH!*

			Her heart was trembling. But she could feel the death grip weaken.
			Her eyes squeezed shut, but she forced herself to dare to open them.
			Blood dripped from Laverty's head - lots of blood. His expression was contorted - still twitching, even. Like a pig right after slaughter.
			Connor panted, his chest heaving. He gripped the poker's handle tight, and his eyes were fixated on the sharp end, pointing out from the top of Laverty's skull. Bits of bone, brain, and scalp had stuck to it.
			The walls gave way. Fragments of tooth and flesh shook freely from his head, and he collapsed. Amy rolled out of the way, as Connor released the poker. He stood there for a moment, covered in blood - Laverty's, his own - before sitting down, almost tranquil.
			Amy shakily crawled over, and sat with him. Both stared at the body, their expressions vacant. Time passed - maybe it was a few seconds, maybe it was a million years. It was impossible to tell.

			"Hello? This is the police. We've received reports of an altercation - we need to come in. Can you open the door, please?" a voice called from outside.
			Neither child moved. They didn't even hear it.
			"This is the police! Open up, now!"
			No. Still nothing.
			"Alright, we're going to break the door down. Stand clear!"
			The battering ram smacked twice, and the door gave way. Officers entered, and went pale at the sight.

			Connor walked out of the interview room, and sat next to Amy. She paused, and rested her head on his shoulder.
			"Thank you..." she whispered to him.
			Connor just nodded, still in shock. Finally, he spoke.
			"You don't have to thank me." he said softly.
			"You saved me." she replied, almost confused.
			"You're the one who pulled him off me." he retorted.
			"I... I don't know where that came from. I just saw him hit you, and I snapped." she shrugged. "Just like you did for me, I suppose."
			"I didn't mind him hitting me. I minded what he was doing to you." Connor nodded.
			She smiled softly. "*I* minded him hitting you."
			He paused. "I minded it a little bit."
			She chuckled, then giggled happily. He did too, and they let the moment sit.
			"You're a good big brother, you know." she finally said.
			Connor tilted his head, confused. "I'm not your big brother."
			"Yeah, you are." she smiled. He shrugged, then nodded.

			Across the room, Vince was arguing with a white-haired woman, with Nia stood next to them.
			"The decision was made due to your criminal record, Mr. Barrett." the white-haired woman sneered.
			"With all due respect, shut the fuck up." Vince snapped. "You let my nephew - the only living member of my family - in a house with that nonce?!"
			"Vince, please - calm down." Nia stepped in.
			"I will not be calm until I receive written confirmation that Connor will be staying with me."
			"Mr. Barrett, as well you know, there are rules in place. Your home must be found suitable, and a social worker *independent* of the case must verify you are safe for Connor to live with." the woman snapped, stressing "Independent" while staring at Nia.
			"'Safe to live with'... Are you shitting me?!" Vince growled.
			"Clearly, Connor is now a complex-needs child." the woman continued.
			"He saved Amy from a paedo! A paedo *you* put them with!" Vince snapped.
			"That's enough, Mr. Barrett! Shouting like Ian Paisley isn't going to do you any favours." the woman snapped back.
			Vince snarled at the mention of Paisley, before storming off to sit with the kids.
			"Hey, you two." he began, smiling softly. "How you holding up?"
			"Where are we going to go now?" Amy asked, forlorn.
			"I'm not sure, darlin'." Vince sighed. "Hopefully, Connor will be allowed to stay with me."
			Amy looked down, saddened. "I'm scared, Vince. I don't want to live with someone like Mr. Laverty again." she sobbed.
			Vince sighed deeply. "I'm sorry, Amy. I..." he hesitated.
			"We can't leave her. Not after this." Connor finally spoke. "She's my sister."
			Vince looked at Connor. He sighed, and nodded.
			"You're right, lad." he said. He looked down, then looked both kids in the eyes.
			"Listen, you're both probably gonna be put in temporary housing. I'll visit you both every day - and if anything like this happens again, you tell me right away." he said. "I'm gonna move heaven and earth to have you both come live with me."
			The kids looked up, and smiled.
			For the first time in a long time, Amy felt safe again.

		Killing Laverty
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Shannon stormed into the backroom, and swept a table clear, before slamming her laptop onto it.
			"Alright, here's the plan." she said, before grinning widely. "Sorry, I've always wanted to do that."
			"Me too." Connor nodded, chuckling.
			"I've done it before." Tommy grinned. "Me and Vince, right before the Rexton job."
			"Me, too." Ivan smirked. "My first assignment in the KGB - me and some comrades in Abkhazia blew up a separatist depot."
			"Great, so I'm the superhero here, and I've not done it yet." Connor snarked. "Let's hear it."
			Shannon grinned, and revealed her document - a blueprint floorplan.
			"This is the layout of the Gambit field lab." she began. "Like our now-hospitalied friend Jimmy said, it's a barn conversion."
			"Paladin work through those, a lot." Connor nodded. "When they tortured me, they held me in one. Him, too."
			"I guess they really like barns." Sparky shrugged.
			"Oh, I'm so sorry." she said sadly.
			"It's fine. Let's just figure out our plan."
			"Right." she nodded. "Jimmy mentioned two inspectors were going to show up - and that they were Super-Agents. Werewolf - personal question, but do you look human under that mask?"
			Connor tilted his head, then chuckled. "Yeah. But I don't have the black veins like Super-Agents do, unless I'm using my powers."
			"Perfect." she beamed. "Then you and Ivan are going to impersonate the inspectors."
			"I like it." Ivan grinned. "There are three possible roads they might come down from. If we each take one, we can intercept."
			"Slight problem - Gambit might know our faces." Connor cut in. "And despite the name, my shapeshifting is limited to my costume."
			Tommy pondered for a moment, then lit up. "What about prosthetics?"
			"Hm?"
			"Yeah, that could work!" Shannon nodded. "You could morph a wig, some fake wrinkles, coloured contact lenses..."
			Connor stroked his chin. "I'll try it. What are we looking for, anyway?"
			"A server, ideally." she explained. "Anything that can get us access to their network. I've got some dongles you can plug in to give me backdoor access - they only need a minute to work. One constraint - make sure to stay undercover. If they realise they've been duped, they'll call off the shipment, and we might never find them."
			"Got it." Connor nodded. "But just in case - Sparky, once we've got our cover sorted, I want you on surveillance duty at the docks. If things turn ugly, we'll brute force our way in and tell you what we find. You'll need to go hunting through, see if you can find them."
			"Scouting? Again?" he complained.
			"Hey - if you find them, you get to beat me to the killing." Connor snarked.
			"Deal." he nodded, grinning savagely.
			Shannon clapped her hands. "Well, no time like the present. Good luck, guys."

			"They're late..." one Gambit staffer noted.
			"Stop pacing." his superior snapped. "The last thing we need is to look unprofessional in front of them."
			"They're here!" another yelled, watching as the car pulled up outside. The three quickly stood to attention, and walked over in line.
			The door swept open, and a jackboot stepped out.
			"An inspector calls." Ivan waved, imitating an American accent with surprising accuracy.
			"We, uh--we need to see some ID, sir." the leader began.
			Ivan bowed his head, and pulled off his sunglasses. His black-veined eyes darkened as his gaze shot out.
			"Thank you, sir." the leader saluted. "Hail Victory."
			"Hail Victory." Ivan bowed his head. "Frank, let's go."
			The passenger door opened, and out stretched a figure. He wore a utilitarian outfit - dark fatigues with a lot of pockets. He had a brown mullet, some wrinkling on the cheek, and sea-blue eyes.
			"On it, boss." Connor nodded, and the group headed in.
			"Frank? *That's* your alias?" Shannon snarked in his ear.
			Connor grinned, entering the facility.
			"So, the livestock pens can be found here." their blackshirt-turned-tour guide began, gesturing at a row of cages that could hardly fit small dogs, let alone children.
			"Capacity?" Ivan asked, masking his disgust.
			"30 - though if enough show as compatible, we can replace the cages with a collective enclosure, and pack them tightly."
			Connor's lip curled, and he forced his eyes not to burn red. "What exactly are we testing them for?"
			"Uh--isn't that your purview, sir?"
			"*I* know." he bluffed. "I want to know what *you* know."
			"Of course." another man jumped in. "The eggheads in Morland have made this."
			He opened a locked cabinet, and pulled out an esoteric device. It looked like it would be worn on the head, and had a variety of probes and needles attached.
			"It measures brain activity, so we can identify any Espers and send them over to ODIN. It also tests their DNA, identifying any compatible sequences for augmentation."
			"With super-serum?" Connor pressed. The leader gave a funny look.
			"Children don't make good soldiers." Ivan began. "Who authorised this?"
			"The Commandant. You're welcome to take it up with him, sir."
			"...point taken." Ivan grimly nodded.
			"Hey, not to butt in, but we need to see that server room." Shannon chimed in over their earpieces.
			Connor cleared his throat. "We didn't come here to discuss the livestock alone. I want to take a look at your IT."
			"Of course, sir." the second smiled. "Right this way."
			The group moved on to a small room, with a few machines and a server rack by the wall.
			"It's pretty barebones." the leader explained. "We mostly use it for comms with the broader network. Of course, we keep the more... sensitive files on-site."
			"I'll need a minute with these." Connor nodded. "Boss, why don't you carry on?"
			"Thanks, Frank." Ivan nodded, smirking slightly.
			"Davey, you stay with him." the leader gestured. His second nodded, as they left.
			"Shit. Can you get the dongle in without him seeing?" Shannon asked.
			"Hey, you can carry on." Connor began. "Unless there's something you don't want us seeing?"
			"Oh, not at all sir." Davey quickly shook his head. "But orders are orders."
			"Well, I'm ordering you to leave me to it." Connor growled lowly.
			"S-sir, I--"
			Connor morphed his makeup slightly - darkening his veins. He stood, walking menacingly towards the terrified mortal.
			"I did not ascend to this purity of form to be shadowed by a pathetic *human.*" he spat. "Spending time in your kind's presence disgusts me."
			"I--I--"
			"*Do not speak.*"
			His hand shot out, gripping the quivering throat. Davey choked, shaking in horror.
			"Wait outside. When I am done, I shall rejoin you. You can tell your kin you were with me the whole time."
			He released, and Davey coughed and heaved.
			"Hai--Hail v-victory..."
			"Hail Victory." Connor nodded, ushering him away.
			He knelt down, and pulled out Shannon's USB.
			"Damn, Werewolf - that was cold." she audiby grinned.
			"There are few creatures on this Earth more cowardly than fascists." Connor shrugged. "'Might makes right' doesn't seem too appealing when *I'm* in the room."
			She chuckled, as the USB worked its magic.
			"Alright, I'm in."
			"Is it a Hacker's Guild rule that you have to say that each time?"
			"Bite me. I'm planting the backdoor... done. Alright, I recommend you both get out of there ASAP."
			"Copy that."

			"Not bad." Ivan chuckled, overlooking the armoury.
			"Thank you, sir. We're expecting a shipment of grenades next week - in case the Traitor comes for us."
			"Excellent. I'd recommend flashbangs - frag grenades would only slow him down. Use them to give yourselves an opening."
			"Very good, sir."
			His second-in-command rejoined them.
			"And?" the leader asked.
			"Confirmed, sir." the second nodded.
			"What's this?" asked Ivan.
			"Just running over the times for the livestock transfer, sir." the second replied.
			"Good."
			At that, Connor and Davey arrived.
			"Everything in order, Frank?" Ivan asked.
			"All good." Connor nodded. "I think we're done here."
			"There was one last thing." the leader began. "We have a secure room downstairs, for the more... erratic transformations."
			The heroes exchanged glances, then nodded. The group headed down to the basement.
			A heavy vault door stood ahead. The men wheeled it open, and waved them inside.
			Several cages - each humming with electricity.
			Connor swallowed. "When you say 'erratic transformations...'"
			"We mean livestock who tested compatible, but couldn't maintain their form after exposure." the leader mused. "Good for parts only."
			Connor's lip curled, and he turned to hide his face.
			Ivan took a deep breath as he inspected the cages. "What kind of parts are we seeing from them?"
			"Same we'll see from you."
			They whipped their heads around, as the vault door slammed shut.
			"HEY! THE FUCK YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING?!" Ivan roared.
			The lock spinned shut, and the leader's voice came in from the intercom.
			"How dumb do you think we are? You might as well have came in wearing hats that said 'Spy!'"
			"The bosses aren't gonna like this..." Connor snarled.
			"Oh, the bosses?! How about the Commandant?! I bet he'll be happy to have a few words with you both..."
			"You might wanna state your case, boys. Otherwise, it won't be *us* the Commandant pulls apart." Ivan barked back.
			"You mean, aside from the obvious probing questions? How about sending my man away while you fucked with our server? Or, I don't know... the two bodies of the *real* inspectors in your car?"
			"How did they know about those?" Connor asked quietly.
			"His second left for a short while - he must've been sent to check." Ivan groaned.
			"I told you we should've hid the bodies."
			"We were already running late... I didn't think they'd look!" he meekly protested.
			"I've just shut down their system - they can't call for help." Shannon hurriedly added. "Get out of there, now."
			With that, the ventilators hummed. Something colourless and sweet filled their noses.
			"Chyort! Laughing gas!" Ivan barked, his head going light.
			"Of course. We want you to still be in one piece before the Commandant has his fun..."
			Connor slammed his fist against the door. The metal dented around it, as his knuckles hummed with concussive force.
			"Ho--Holy shit..." the leader stammered.
			"No Super-Agent can do that..." his second gasped.
			"Oh... fuck..." the third realied. "It's the Werewolf!"
			Ivan's eyes ran over the vault door, and he grinned.
			"Hey, bratan - riddle me this. What determines the strength of a chain?"
			"This isn't the time for a pub quiz." Connor hissed.
			Ivan chuckled. "Look closer."	
			Connor paused, and his eyes caught it too. The door was made of reinforced steel - the walls it was anchored too, however...
			"The weakest link..." he smirked. "Bingo."

			*SLAM!*
			*SLAM!*
			Ivan looked in awe at his comrade's handiwork. The vault's anchoring bars were exposed. Connor gripped them, and pulled as hard as he could. He planted his feet against the wall, and finally...
			*KK-CRACK!*
			The wall crumbled as the vault door swinged freely on its hinges.
			"GO! RUN!" the leader screamed. Too late.
			Connor's fist sailed through his chest like air. He turned to face the subordinates, and saw them drop.
			Ivan squeezed the grips of his twin pistols, and grinned. He raised them up, and blew away the smoke.
			"Oh, you think you're such a badass, don't you?"
			"Nyet, bratan. I *know* I'm a badass." he laughed.
		 	"Well, at least one of us is immune to laughing gas." he grinned. "Shannon - threats eliminated."
			"I hate to rain on your superhero parade, but we have a really, really big problem." she chimed in.
			"They got the call out?" Connor asked, worried.
			"No - I'm not seeing any alerts on the system. But the kids are being shipped tonight. If they get here and see what I can only assume is quite a mess..."
			"They'll kill them." Connor grimly nodded. He pressed his fingers to his ear.
			"Sparky - are you at the docks yet?"
			"I'm here." he barked back. "I've checked a few, but haven't found anything yet."
			"Shannon - please tell me you got an address."
			"I still can't believe you can understand him..." she chuckled incredulously. "Uh--yeah, I've got an address - Carmine Shipping. Um, Mr. Sparky, sir..."
			"Sparky's fine." he barked happily. Connor translated.
			"Right, uh... I've got your location now. I'll direct you, and let you know when you're there."
			"Sparky, recon the sight but do not engage." Connor ordered.
			"Why not?! If I find those pups, they need helping!"
			"We will help them." he cut back in. "But we can't do this alone. We need the police there, to make sure the kids get to safety afterwards. Just hang back for a short while - and then we'll rip 'em apart. Okay?"
			"I call dibs on the first kill." he grumbled.
			"Good boy."
			"There's something else." Shannon shuddered. "It says here that they're running a 'livestock auction' in the warehouse. Does that mean..."
			"They're selling the kids tonight." Connor gasped. "Holding them up on a stage, and bidding on them..."
			"If that happens while I'm there, then the police can eat my tail." Sparky snarled.
			"Agreed."
			He turned. "Ivan, you stay here. Shannon, keep an eye on their comms. If anyone comes here, hold them off until backup arrives."
			"Sir, yes sir." Ivan nodded proudly. "Give 'em hell."

		Infiltration
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Late afternoon, now. The sun seemed eager to dive behind the horizon.
			Naismith leaned back on his sofa, with Max's head resting on his lap.
			"Ah... nothing like a good day of doing nothing, eh boy?"
			Max boofed in agreement, yawning. Naismith smiled warmly, stroking his ears.
			Then it came - a knock on the door.
			"God's sake..." he sighed, rising. "I'll get it."
			Max cocked an eyebrow, and his head fell back down.
			The detective walked up to the door, and looked through the eyehole. He sighed again - deeper - and opened it up.
			"Afternoon, detective." the Werewolf nodded. "We need to talk."
			A month ago, seeing a brutal superhuman masked killer show up at his door would terrify him. But now, it was just business as usual. Connor wiped his boots and entered.
			"Make yourself comfortable." Naismith sighed. "Coffee? Booze? Do they even drink liquids on your homeworld?"
			"Not tonight, thanks - hello buddy!" he grinned, spotting Max. Max came over and sniffed Connor's hand, his eyes searching Connor's kevlar-laden body as if passing judgment. A moment later, his tail wagged, and Connor smiled. He crouched down, and then received a lick to the mask.
			After a little while - maybe longer than a badass vigilante should - he rose, and turned back. "What?"
			"Nothing - just... he's never like that. I've always trusted Max's judgement. He's... he's a good friend."
			"Dogs are better than people." Connor nodded.
			Naismith chuckled and nodded back in agreement. "Says the dog-man."
			"*Werewolf,* thank you very much."
			He grinned. "So, what is it this time? Secret CIA black site in Belson? A gang of two-headed monsters has made their nest in Wickermast? No, I've got it - have the squirrels of Wyrmwood finally united to overthrow the Jack Russell oppressors?" he asked mockingly.
			"As horrifying as the Squirrel Republican Army is, we have bigger fish to fry."
			Naismith laughed, and put the kettle on. "By the way, Jimmy Boyle showed up in A&E last night. Broken legs. Says he tripped and fell out of his balcony."
			"Yeah, and if he changes his story, he might trip and fall again." Connor snarked. "Listen... we've found where the kids are being held."
			"And you thought, rather than call 999, you'd bother me on my only day off?"
			"I'm sorry, detective. But I need someone I can trust on this."
			"Trust? Did you forget that time I shot you in the face?" he chuckled mirthlessly.
			"Exactly, you owe me. Besides, we've made this play before."
			"Well, thanks for not slamming me onto my bonnet this time." Naismith shrugged.
			"Hughes was only a maggot in a wound. Tonight, we cut off the whole rotten arm."
			"Where?"
			"Carmine Shipping, in Angleport docks. It's an easy job - my team'll handle the cunts inside, and you come in and get those kids to safety."
			"When?"
			"Two hours. Here - take this." he said, handing over a burner phone. "Call me if anything goes wrong."
			Naismith hesitated. He wanted to take it, but... Once he crossed that line, he was no longer a victim of home invasions receiving tip-offs. He was involved.
			But his mind flashed - the kids. The man he failed to save, all those years ago. The ever-growing rise of Patriot thugs on the streets, and their backers in Gambit and Paladin. The clear signs that whatever was going on, it was bigger than him and the Werewolf. He steeled himself, and took the phone.
			"We'll be there. Count on that."
			"You've perked up lately." Connor noted. "Had a good Christmas?"
			Naismith thought for a moment, turning to Max. "An old friend gave me some advice."
			Connor bowed his head respectfully.	"I'll see you soon."
			Naismith watched as the monster left.
			"Yeah... see you soon." he whispered to himself. He grabbed his phone.
			"Nina, meet me at the station. We need an armed unit, ASAP."

		Pre-Raid/Naismith's house
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The two Werewolves perched on a rooftop overlooking Carmine Shipping Company. Their eyes burned scarlet, as they spotted the masses of little bodies, packed together like battery-farmed chickens.
			"They'd better be here soon." Sparky snarled. "I'm getting hungry."
			"They'll be here, I'm sure." Connor nodded lowly. "And if not... we'll figure something out once the blood dries."
			"Good..."

			"Alright, everyone - thanks for coming together on short notice."
			Naismith stood at the head of the briefing room. A number of officers sat in tactical gear, Nina among them.
			"We've just received a tip-off from a CHIS regarding an active child trafficking situation. This same CHIS has provided us with highly reliable intel before. As we understand it, the Werewolf already plans to attack the site. Our first duty is to the innocent, so we're treating this as a rescue mission."
			One officer raised his hand. "Sorry, sir - what do we do if the Werewolf is still there?"
			"Not at all, PC..."
			"Lloyd, sir."
			"Standing orders is to attempt to apprehend him." Naismith began, conflicted. "But he's fast. And tough. Rescuing the kids is your first priority. If you shoot at him, he might come for you - so keep focused, and do not engage until the kids are safe."
			"Sir." Lloyd nodded.
			"While on-site, I'll be acting as your commanding officer." Naismith continued. "We have an ARV ready to go - we'll get there, then perform an intial recon of the building. Once we're ready to go in, we--"
			"What's all this?" Dorsey barked, storming into the room.
			"...Chief Constable, sir." Naismith grimaced as he stood to attention. "We've just received intel on an active child trafficking oper--"
			"Intel from who?"
			"I'm afraid the source is confidential, sir."
			"Right..." Dorsey scowled. "All of you, stand down. No raids will be carried out under DI Naismith's orders without my express permission. Understood?"
			"...Sir." the officers reluctantly nodded.
			"Naismith - a word."
			"Go fuck yourself, sir." Naismith hissed, storming past him.
			He headed outside, and paused for a moment - weighing it out in his head.
			"Fuck it." he spat, pulling out his burner.

			"Detective." Connor answered. "Where the hell are you?!"
			"About that..." Naismith replied bashfully, trying to hide his rage. "I'm being stonewalled."
			"What?"
			"The Chief Constable, Ronald Dorsey - he's just pulled rank and ordered us to stand down." Naismith shuddered and swallowed.
			"The same Dorsey who we already had suspicions about?"
			"No, another Chief Constable Dorsey."
			"Hey, leave the quips to the professionals." Connor snarked, his voice shaking with rage.
			"I..." Naismith paused. "Before I say this, I need to know you're in this. And you'll see it through 'til the end."
			"You're kidding?" Connor asked. "Across the road from me, there are kids - *kids* - having god-knows-who doing god-knows-what to them. And now I find that the head of police in this city is protecting them. I will burn their cabal to the ground and throw every last one of them on the fire. I will not rest until the ones I let live claw their eyes out in fear, screaming my name. I'm. *Fucking.* In."
			Naismith audibly grinned. "Then I'm in too. Here's the plan... Come to the station. Show yourself. They want you so badly, huh? Well, lead them on a merry little chase - one that just so happens to land right in that shipping company. Get in with us on your tail - I'll lead the chase to you."
			Connor smiled. Naismith had finally turned all the way.
			"I'll be there right away."
			He turned down.
			"Sparky..."
			"Ten minutes. Then I start killing, whether they're here or not." he growled.
			"Promie to save some for me, and you can make it five."
			"Done."

			It was a quiet evening in the lobby of the central Police Station. The soft hum of fluorescent lights filled the air. The calm was shattered as the door burst open, and Connor strode in. His eyes flickered around the room, calculating. He morphed a throwing knife from his costume into his hand.
			"OI!" he barked, his voice reverberating off the walls. The blade flew through the air, embedding itself into the wall behind a Chief Superintendent, pinning his hat with surgical accuracy. The officer froze, his face pale.
			A moment of stunned silence followed, then chaos erupted. Several officers sprang into action, their hands instinctively going for their tasers and batons. An alarm blared, its shrill sound slicing through the tension. Plainclothes detectives drew their pistols, their movements sharp and swift.
			"All units, repeat, all units - status zero at central station! Armed assailant matching the description of the Werewolf is--he's running! He's headed southbound on Drury Lane. Requesting immediate armed response!" the voice crackled through the radio, frantic and urgent.
			Naismith, already moving, launched down the stairs and took charge. "All AFOs, with me! In pursuit!" he barked, and a squadron of armed officers scrambled into their vehicles, the engines roaring to life.
			Connor, meanwhile, was already out the door, his feet barely touching the ground as he exploded into motion. Superhuman speed propelled him down the street, his body a blur as he leapt over cars, skipped over blockades, and effortlessly navigated the urban maze. A hail of gunfire erupted behind him, but the bullets only grazed his legs as he stumbled.
			"All units, be advised. Suspect is heading eastbound on Castle Road, towards Angleport." Naismith's voice crackled over the radio.
			Connor skidded around a corner, the force of his turn sending gravel and tarmac flying in all directions. He dug his hand into the ground, tearing through the pavement to assist his momentum, the road crumbling beneath his strength. Naismith's car screeched to a halt behind him, tires burning as it skidded to a sharp turn.
			"Control, this is DI Naismith. Suspect is approaching Angleport docks." he reported, his voice calm despite the tension.
			"Received, Naismith. Stand by for further orders." the radio replied.
			"Fuck that..." Naismith muttered. "All units, on me. Prepare to enter."
			Sparky's red eyes looked down as he saw their approach. His lips flared in excitement.

			Connor's momentum sent him crashing through the door of the warehouse like a battering ram. Armed sentries immediately trained their guns on him, but he was unstoppable. He ripped through them, his sheer force crushing them into the walls. Their bodies slumped lifelessly to the ground as he powered through, breaking through another wall like it was made of paper.
			He landed with a thud, just as the auction began. A young girl, no older than ten, stood on a stage, blindfolded and scantily clad. The room was filled with old men raising paddles, offering grotesque sums for her purchase. Connor's stomach churned with disgust. The bile rose in his throat, but it was nothing compared to the fire igniting in his chest.
			Sparky crashed through the skylight, and trotted to his heel. His eyes blazed crimson.
			The Rage burned when Danes shot him in the face, when Chloe was assaulted, when Hughes gassed him.
			But this... this was different. This place, this depravity, this sickening scene... it ignited a fury stronger than anything he'd ever felt before. It reminded him of Laverty, of what happened to Amy... It was too much.
			
			Connor was a living weapon, no question. But here, in this moment - he was more like a WMD. Unstoppable. Unrelenting.
			He was no longer a man - he was really living up to his name. A Werewolf. A beast. A force of nature. An embodiment of death. Super-Agents and humans alike fell before him, their bodies shredded by his fury. Their screams were swallowed by blood that coated the room, splattering every surface.
			Sparky moved like a whirlwind. His claws crashed into bodies with bone-shattering force, bisecting his foes. He sliced through flesh like butter, leaving nothing but mangled remains.
			A bullet whizzed past, and Connor caught it mid-air with the same effortless precision. In a split second, he turned and hurled it back, throwing it hard enough to shoot right through the assailant's forehead.
			That was what he was now. A creature strong enough to throw bullets as fast as a gun could shoot them. A monster.
			His claws glinted in the dim light as he raised them. He was ready to strike again, but then he saw her. The little girl, trembling, blindfolded and blood-spattered, standing at the centre of his rampage.
			His blood ran hot, and demanded more blood in turn.
			He froze.
			The rage faltered. His breath came in ragged gasps as he looked at the girl, her body trembling, her fragile form dwarfed by the carnage around her.
			"It's okay..." he panted, his voice softer now. "It's okay. I'm not going to hurt you. The bad men who hurt you are gone."
			The girl, shaking with fear, took a tentative step forward. She was bound at the ankles, her movements hesitant and slow. But she sensed him - sensed the protector in him - and shuffled closer, her arms trembling as she hugged him, burying her face in his chest.
			Connor's hearts twisted. For a moment, he was stunned, unsure of what to do. But then, with a deep sigh, he un-morphed his claws, his form shifting back to something more human, more gentle. He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her close, offering comfort in the midst of the chaos.
			Sparky's eyes likewie dimmed, and he brushed his fur against her side.
			"It's okay." Connor whispered, his voice breaking. "You're safe now."
			The girl sobbed. "Vreau mama mea..." she whispered. Connor sighed sadly, and stroked her hair, calming her. With that, the police came in. Naismith was leading them, and threw up upon entry. The other officers followed suit, leaving a pile of stinking vomit by their feet.
			Connor stood, and barked orders at them. "There are children here. Your duty is to save them, not stop me."
			Naismith looked down at the scene, absorbing the carnage. Dozens of flayed bodies were strewn across the place. The stench of gore made him retch again - but he steeled himself.
			"Officers, first duty is and always has been preservation of life. Locate and secure the remaining children." he rallied the officers out of their stupor.
			"Sir." the officers replied, spreading out.
			Naismith approached Connor and the little girl. "Hey, hey little one. It's okay, you're safe now."
			"Te rog nu ma rani!" she cried, terrified at the clear voice of an older man.
			Connor reassured her. "It's okay." he whispered. "He won't hurt you. He's a friend."
			With that, the little girl stumbled over to Naismith, who picked her up and walked outside with her. He gave the Werewolves a knowing nod of tacit approval, before leaving. They  leapt with superhuman strength, sticking to the ceiling like spiders.

		Auction Slaughter
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Naismith stood outside the "auction house," taking a long drag on a cigarette.
			Nina approached him. "Sir..." she opened, unsure.
			"It's a fucking mess in there, Nina." he folded his arms. "But I can't say I feel sorry for them."
			"Me neither, sir. We found the basement where they were keeping the other kids - they had a 'special item' for auction - she was 4 years old. Four years old!" she spat, allowing for once her emotions to overcome her professionalism. Naismith looked at her, and gave her a sympathetic look. She sighed.
			He took another drag. He offered her one, which she accepted.
			"Okay, I have a confession to make." he began, turning to her. He hesitated, but he knew she was the only cop he could truly trust now.
			"Sir?"
			"I knew the Werewolf would be here - because I arranged it." he said. Nina's eyebrows raised in surprise, but her eyes betrayed an understanding.
			"He came to me - a bit like he did with Hughes, except he didn't need to literally twist my arm this time. After Dorsey stonewalled us, I made a plan - he'd show up at the station and cause a scene, then I'd lead the chase to here. When he saw what was being done... he must have lost control. Shit, I don't know that I *wouldn't.*"
			Nina swallowed, before speaking. "You... You did the right thing sir."
			Naismith raised an eyebrow.
			"If you hadn't spoken to the Werewolf... these kids would still be here. I'm with you, sir. And we'll stop them."
			Naismith smiled. "Well, then, PC Chowdhury - back to work, eh?"
			"Sir!" she replied proudly. An FI approached.
			"Excuse me, sir, ma'am..." he said nervously. "We were briefed to send all mutant bodies to Morland, but as of the state of them, there's no way to tell who's mutated and who's normal."
			"Send them all over." Naismith replied. "Morland can test their DNA and find out who's who."
			"Sir!" the FI nodded, clicking his heels and walking on.

			The Werewolves glided back to their back garden, landing with a thud to the ground.
			Blood poured from Connor's nose, and he reflexively rubbed his temples. He swallowed, then spoke, choking back tears.
			"I've lost control before, but never like that. I can't even count how many I killed there. Dozens? More?" he said forlornly.
			"Did a single one of them not deserve it?" Sparky tilted his head.
			"That's not the point. I couldn't control it. If I hadn't come to my senses, I'd have killed the kids there too..."
			"But you *did* come to your senses. You knew when to stop." Sparky said firmly, his ears pointing forwards.
			Connor smiled softly. "Thanks, buddy. It's just..." he paused. "It brings back memories."
			"Laverty?" Sparky asked.
			Connor nodded.
			Sparky nuzzled his hand.
			"You did the right thing back then. And you did it again tonight. If these monsters don't wanna be killed... they shouldn't be doing what they've been doing."
			Connor shrugged, then smiled. "Hey..." he began. "I'll make your favourite - steak and cheese. I need a rest anyway..."
			Sparky wagged his tail excitedly, and the two headed inide.

		Slaughter aftermath
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Night came.
			In the interview room at the central station, the young girl was sat, with safeguarding officer Maya Kahan, and another woman - the interpreter.
			"Elena." Naismith began. "Thank you for taking the time to see us."
			The interpreter bowed her head. "Elena has a good understanding of English, but she doesn't speak it."
			She turned to face the quivering girl. "Elena, spune-mi daca nu intelegi ceva, bine?"
			Elena nodded. "Bine."
			She turned to face Naismith and Nina.
			"Sunt in belea?" she asked, fearfully. The interpreter relayed - "Am I in trouble?"
			"No, not at all." Naimsith smiled. Elena relaxed slightly. "We just have a few questions."
			She nodded. "De ce ai nevoie?"
			"What do you need?" the interpreter relayed.
			"We need to ask about some of the men who were there that night. Do you recognise..." Nina pulled out a mugshot of one known attendee, "This man?"
			Elena looked at the photo, then shook her head. "Nu-l recunosc."
			"She doesn't recognise him." the interpreter said.
			Naismith nodded, and Nina pulled out a second photo. "What about this man?" she asked. The photo was of Alan Hughes.
			Elena studied the photo, and grimaced. "Da. El a fost cel care m-a adus aici."
			"She says he was the one who brought her here."
			Naismith smiled sympathetically. "I know it's difficult to talk about this. In the building we found you in, we found a freezer. Inside, we found some objects. Do you know what I'm referring to?"
			Elena shuddered. "Ne-au spus sa pastram prezervativele si sa le congelam."
			"They told her to keep the condoms, and freeze them." the interpreter relayed, disturbed.
			Naismith shuddered too, upon hearing this.
			"Elena, you've been really helpful. We'll let you go now." he smiled.
			Nina likewise smiled warmly.
			As they walked down the corridor, they saw a photo of Chief Constable Dorsey on the wall.
			Elena looked at the photo, and retched. She rushed to a nearby wastebin, and threw up. Immediately, Kahan ran over to comfort her.
			Elena sobbed and screamed. "Asta e omul! M-a ranit!" she yelled, pointing at the photo in terror.
			Naismith rubbed the back of his neck, his usual composed demeanour cracking. Nina clenched her fists at her sides.
			"Elena, it's okay. He won't hurt you anymore. We're going to leave now, but Ms. Kahan will be here to look after you." she said sadly.
			Maya knelt beside her, her voice low and soothing. "You're safe now, Elena. He can't hurt you anymore."
			She handed her a tissue and places a reassuring hand on her shoulder, gently stroked her hair, and whispered.
			"You've been so brave, Elena. We're here to help you now."
			She felt the girl's small hands clutch her tightly, and for a moment, Maya's own eyes welled with tears.
			Elena could only nod in-between sobs. She hugged Maya tightly.
			The interpreter walked over to him, and whispered: "She said he's the one who hurt her."
			Naismith grimaced. "Thank you. We..." he stuttered, unable to form a cohesive sentence. The interpreter nodded, and rejoined Elena and Kahan.
			"Dorsey..." Nina muttered, disgusted.
			Naismith's jaw clenched. "The man was always a vile fucker, but this..."
			"Sir..." Nina began. "I want you to know, I-- I support your decision to involve the Werewolf. I mean, it wasn't an easy call. But... seeing Elena now, I know it was the right one. She'd still be in slavery, or worse."
			Naismith nodded. "Thank you, Nina. I... I know it was unlawful, but you're right. Maybe... Maybe even monsters can serve a purpose."
			Nina bowed her head. "So... what do we do? I mean, it's hardly courtroom evidence, right?"
			Naismith stroked his chin, before realisation dawned.
			"The condoms." he began. "They froze the condoms to keep as blackmail material, I'm sure of it. Dorsey would have provided DNA elimination samples when he joined the force. If we find a match..."
			"We've got the bastard." Nina nodded, her brows creased in determination.

		Naismith interviews the kid
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Chloe was in the lab, along with her supervisor. She was delivering a presentation to Gregory Morland, the CEO.
			"Go ahead, Miss Derrington." Morland smiled.
			"Right away, sir." she nodded. "So, we've detected an abnormality in some of the Werewolf's blood."
			"Do tell?" Morland tilted his head.
			"See here." Chloe said, showing her presentation. "We've identified a mutated variant of epinephrine, commonly known as adrenaline. But this is different - this is a novel molecular structure, which we've dubbed 'Paradrenaline'."
			"And what does it do?" Morland asked, intrigued.
			"Well, it... It amplifies their physical abilities - Paradrenaline binds more effectively to the adrenergic receptors in the body, particularly the alpha-1 and beta-2 receptors, responsible for increasing heart rate, blood flow, and muscle contraction. The result is a massive enhancement of physical capabilities: regenerative healing, increased reflexes, and a dramatic rise in strength. But--" she paused, "There are side effects."
			Morland leant forward, his gaze intense. "What kind of side effects?"
			"Well..." Chloe cleared her throat. "At low doses, subjects begin to experience neurological symptoms, primarily intense migraines and frequent nosebleeds. These occur due to an overstimulation of the sympathetic nervous system, which causes vasodilation in the brain, increasing pressure and causing the blood vessels to rupture."
			Morland raised an eyebrow but said nothing, so Chloe continued, tapping the screen to show the next slide.
			"At moderate doses, we start seeing seizures. The neurons in the brain become hyper-excitable due to an imbalance in the sodium and potassium ion channels. It's like a short circuit in the nervous system. The more the subject's body is exposed to Paradrenaline, the more severe the disruption becomes."
			Morland winced, his lips curling into a slight smile. "And at high doses?"
			Chloe's voice lowered, growing more serious. "At high doses, the symptoms are catastrophic. Strokes, aneurysms, and cerebral haemorrhages. The vasculature in the brain becomes too fragile, and the heart rate increases to dangerous levels, putting immense strain on the circulatory system."
			Morland watched her intently, considering her words. "But the superhumans, they survive these doses?"
			"Yes." she nodded. "We believe it's due to their enhanced anatomy. Their bodies seem to compensate for the damage. Their regenerative abilities kick in faster than normal, allowing them to recover from the worst effects. But it's still a temporary fix - they can only withstand so much before the damage becomes incapacitating."
			"The potential here..." he murmured. "If only we could mitigate these side effects."
			"I agree, sir." Chloe smiled. "First responders, firefighters, ambulance staff... they could all really benefit from something like this."
			Morland chuckled. "Yes, them too. But I think you'll find defence contractors pay more."
			Chloe gulped, disgusted. "Sir... you want to weaponise this?"
			Morland's expression turned grim. "Not a word of this leaves this room. Understood?"
			"But sir, we're supposed to report this to the police--"
			"Not a word." Morland interrupted. Chloe nodded.
			"Of course, sir." she said, looking down.
			"Any other discoveries?" he asked.
			"Oh, yes, there was one." she began, showing another slide. "This hormone - we've yet to identify a suitable natural analogue, so we're calling it XJK5 for the time being. It originates on xeno-chromosome 12 - as you know, sir, the Werewolf has an extra 15. Anyway, it seems to be correlated to, or downstream from, the paradrenaline - that is, rushes of paradrenaline trigger a release of XJK5, too. When applied to lab rats, it doesn't trigger the same side effects paradrenaline did - instead, it seems to change their thought processes. It amplifies their memory recall - they proved able to solve puzzles they'd done previously in much faster times - but reduces their creativity - new puzzles kept them stumped for much longer than normal."
			"Fascinating. Send me the results." Morland nodded, before leaving the room, and heading to his office.
			Chloe stood, and sighed.

			Morland pulled out his phone, and called a number - the Commandant.
			"Commandant, sir - we've found something. The source of these 'Rages' - we're calling it Paradrenaline."
			"Who's 'we', Morland?" the Commandant asked.
			"Um... Miss Derrington discovered it." Morland admitted.
			"Excellent. For a cripple, she has some use for us." the Commandant chuckled. "Anything else?"
			"Yes. A substance she calls 'XJK5.' It sounds like its effects are similar to the truth serums we had before Zhao trashed everything..."
			"Good. Each finding brings us closer to rebuilding what he stole."
			Morland gulped. "Have you had any luck tracing him, Commandant?" he asked timidly.
			"Don't get your knickers in a twist, Morland." the Commandant snapped.
			"Apologies, sir." Morland said hurriedly. "By the way... we've received several bodies from the supply sites, especially the 'auction house.' I imagine our friend Dorsey has his work cut out for him."
			"Indeed." the Commandant scowled. "Until this mess is sorted, we'll be limited in our supply of human material."
			"We will make do, sir." Morland replied. "Hail Victory."
			"Hail Victory." the Commandant nodded, cutting off the call.
			In his own office room, the Commandant smiled, and looked at his computer screen. It was a profile of Chloe.
			"It's all coming together..." he smirked.

		Chloe discovers Paradrenaline
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That night, Dorsey, sat at his desk, was writing on his computer.
			"You need to stop this. Now." he wrote.
			"I'm trying, sir. But they secured the whole site. Trying to remove evidence once it's in storage is almost impossible." he received.
			"Then make it possible. Do something! Or we're ALL going down."
			"I'll do what I can. Hail Victory."
			"Hail Victory." he typed, and leant back.
			He hesitated, and then typed again.
			"It's time. Invoke the Act."

			Tommy was sitting at home with his boyfriend. They were watching the football.
			Then, armed police burst in through the front door.
			"ARMED POLICE! HANDS BEHIND YOUR HEAD!" the first officer shouted.
			Tommy stood, and complied.
			"Babe?" his boyfriend asked, shocked.
			"It's alright, love... It's alright." Tommy sighed, as he was dragged away. The officers beat him savagely with their batons, and threw him into their van. The squadron leader gripped Tommy's face, and looked into his eyes.
			"Thomas Crane, I am detaining you under the Terrorism Act. Basically... you're fucked."

			Meanwhile, Shannon was sat in her flat, typing away on her computer. She had a shell open, and was typing in various network administration commands.
			"Open, sesame." she grinned, pressing Enter and seeing a number of files go from Locked to Unlocked.
			Without warning, armed police burst in through the door.
			"ARMED POLICE! STAY WHERE YOU ARE!" they roared.
			Shannon hyperventilated, and pressed a red button on her keyboard. Her screen flickered, before going blank. She raised her hands in the air.
			"Cuff him." one officer ordered, stressing the word "Him."
			Shannon cringed at the misgendering, but complied with their demands. They dragged her to the van outside. One officer beat her across the face with his baton, laughed cruelly, and threw her into the van.
			"Liam Taylor." one officer began. "You are--"
			"It's *Shannon,* you fascist pig." she spat, only to be beaten again.
			"Liam." he repeated viciously. "I am detaining you under the Terrorism Act."

			In his dinky flat, DI Naismith was sipping a beer bottle, while Max slept at his feet.
			"Good boy." he smiled softly.
			A knock came at the door.
			He took another swig, then stood to answer it.
			"DI Naismith, I am detaining you under the Terrorism Act. You do not have to say anything... I expect you know the rest."
			"What the fuck is this?" he tilted his head.
			The officer responded by pulling out his sidearm.
			"Don't make this difficult."
			Naismith grimaced, then walked out. Max whimpered and whined.

			As all this happened, Pawel was checking IDs at the entrance to the Singing Horse.
			"You're clear. On you go." he smiled to a clubgoer.
			The gang approached the queue.
			"Ey! Pawel! Big man!" Trey cheered.
			Pawel laughed. "Trey's drunk and the sky is blue!"
			Then, armed officers approached, guns drawn.
			"HANDS BEHIND YOUR HEAD!" they barked.
			"The fuck?" Amy asked, shocked.
			Pawel knelt down and complied.
			They cuffed him, and began to beat him.
			"HEY!" Connor barked. "GET AWAY FROM HIM!"
			"Connor, don't!" Chloe protested, fearful.
			"THAT'S THEM!" an officer snapped. He went to grab Connor.
			For a second, Connor considered fighting back - no. That'd blow his cover. He let himself be cuffed. He looked over, and saw Trey being cuffed too.
			"The fuck is your problem?!" he snapped.
			"You are both being detained under the Terrorism Act." the officer began, grinning viciously. "Take 'em away, boys."
			"Terrorism?! The fuck are you on about?" Amy barked.
			"Amy, don't." Connor said firmly. "Tell Sparky I'm okay, please."
			The cops dragged the pair away. Unable to contain their glee, they began beating Trey with their batons.
			Bea pulled out her phone and began filming, before another officer snatched it, grinned, and stomped on it.
			Connor exploded. He slipped out of his handcuffs, and caught the baton mid-swing, just before it could hit Trey's chest again. He headbutted the assaulting officer, causing his grip to release. Then, he took the baton, and jabbed him in the face, knocking out his teeth. He brought it down on his head, knocking him out cold. He swung at the second officer, hitting him in the abdomen, before swinging again at his back, taking him down too.
			With that, the other officers trained their rifles on him. Connor stood there above the bodies, and panted like a rabid dog, steam puffing from his mouth.
			"CONNOR!" Chloe begged. "Please, just do what they say!"
			"I'm okay..." Trey groaned in pain. "Don't get yourself exposed over this."
			Connor thought hard for a moment. Finally, he dropped the baton, and surrendered. The boys and Pawel were thrown into the police van, where Tommy and Shannon sat, bruised and bloodied. The van sped off.
			"FUCK!" Bea exhaled at last.
			Amy took a deep, deep breath.

		Redbridge Purge

	Purging
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			It was a warm summer's evening in 1999. Vince Barrett sat on a barstool in the White Hawk pub in Redbridge, sipping a pint of Guinness. He was younger - 27 years old - but looked the part of a rough mobster. His hair was cropped short, and a thick red beard hung from his face.
			Across the bar, a 23-year-old man with black hair in punk clothes sipped his lager.
			The bar was noisy, as expected. And then, all fell silent, as a group of men in Patriot leathers stormed in.
			"Everyone out!" the leader barked. Vince rolled his eyes.
			Most of the patrons left. The black-haired man stayed, sipping his drink defiantly. One of the men nudged his shoulder.
			"We said 'out', gay boy." he snarled.
			"Alright, Slater." the leader beckoned. "Maybe these gentlemen here didn't hear us right."
			He walked up to Vince.
			"We said OUT!" he barked loudly.
			Vince barely fliched. He gripped his pint glass.
			The barman hid away.
			Vince slammed the glass into the leader's face, covering him with beer and embedding shards of glass in his skin.
			"How about I drink where I FUCKIN' WELL PLEASE?!" Vince barked back.
			With that, all hell broke loose. The punk immediately slammed his fist into Slater's gut, winding him. He then delivered a knee to the face, knocking him down.
			Vince delivered blow after blow to one man, but his guard was unbreakable. Before Vince had to switch tacticts, the punk grabbed the man from behind, leaving him open.
			"Now!" he barked.
			Vince grinned, and delivered a devastating haymaker, knocking the man out flat. The punk nodded.
			One man drew a hammer, and swung it at Vince. He was met with a volley of punches, before Vince disarmed him, looked at the hammer, and grinned viciously.
			Soon enough, every Patriot had taken a swing of the hammer to the head.
			The punk delivered a high kick to one thug, knocking his front teeth out.
			Finally, Vince kneecapped the leader, filling the club with screams.
			"Fuckin' shit!" the barman trembled. "Get the fuck out, before the coppers get here!"
			"There are no fuckin' coppers out here!" Vince barked back. "There's only these fuckers."
			The punk grinned. "Come on, let's bounce."
			Vince smiled, and the pair left.
			"That was some class swingin' there, lad." Vince began. "You a fighter?"
			"I train every so often. I go to Dynamite Fitness." he replied.
			"No fuckin' way! I go there every Tuesday and Thursday!" Vince exclaimed.
			The punk laughed. "Well, I go every Monday and Wednesday."
			Vince chuckled. "About time someone put those bastards in their place."
			"Maybe..." the punk paused. "Maybe we could do that more often."
			"How d'you mean?" Vince tilted his head.
			"Maybe we can take the fight to them. We work well as a team, you saw it. 'Cause I don't know about you, but I'm sick of them lot running the show."
			Vince thought, then smiled warmly. He extended his hand. "Vince Barrett."
			"Tommy." the punk smiled, shaking his hand. "Tommy Crane."
			Vince chuckled. "That a pornstar name?"
			"God given." Tommy grinned. "But speaking of... I heared through the grapevine the Pink Fox is looking for bouncers to keep 'em safe from the Patriots' extortion. Maybe we start there?"
			Vince nodded, cracking a smile. "Viva la revolution."

		Vince meets Tommy
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was cold now, with icy rain pattering on the ground - as though the heavens had decided the valley wasn't miserable enough. About an hour had passed since the purge of Redbridge, and a big, bulky transport vehicle pulled up outside HMP Wickermast. Prison guards stood by, as the back doors of the van opened up. The captured Syndicateers were shoved out of the vehicle by officers.
			Connor's face creased in rage. Despite being cuffed, he helped Trey stand.
			With that, they looked up at the prison complex. Connor had been here to visit Vince before, but the place never looked so... imposing. Tall wire-fence walls with barbed wire at the top. A guard tower overlooking the complex from across the car park.
			They were separated. Connor was taken to a room, where a prison officer stood.
			The officer pat Connor down. While doing so, the violent temptations returned.
			He bit his tongue. Visions of snapping the officer's neck flooded his mind.
			The officer finished, and handed Connor a set of prison clothes.
			"Get changed." he ordered, before leaving the room.
			Connor un-morphed his clothes, and stood naked for a moment, feeling his muscles tense in anger. He sighed, and put on the prison uniform, before exiting.
			The officer marched Connor to his cell.
			"You'll remain in this cell. You'll be bunking with another inmate. As you know, you're being held under the new Terrorism Act, which means certain liberties will be denied to you. You do not have the right to visitation. You do not have an unconditional right to legal counsel. Your case will be heard by a judge under the Diplock System in no more than 60 days."
			Connor's face creased in anger. "I grew up in the fuckin' Bogside, mate. I know what this bullshit entails."
			The officer shrugged and raised his palms, as if to say "Fair enough." before opening the cell door, and walking away.
			In the cell stood Slater. He turned, spotted Connor, and grinned viciously.
			"Well, well, well..." he chuckled. "If it ain't Vince's brat. Oh, I'm gonna enjoy making you my bitch--"
			Before he could finish, Connor delivered a punch to his face at super-speed. Slater's teeth flew backwards into his throat, and blood poured from his mouth as he choked. Connor grabbed his neck, and stared into his eyes.
			"You so much as snore too loudly, I will fucking kill you." he growled in Slater's ear. Slater nodded hurriedly, and Connor released his grip, before heading off to the prison yard.

			The girls arrived at Connor's new house. Amy pulled out her key, and opened the front door.
			Sparky pounced, licking them.
			"Hi everyone! Where's Connor? Is he okay?" he yapped.
			"Hey, buddy..." Chloe began sadly.
			Amy sat down with him, trying not to give away his sapience.
			"Connor's been arrested, along with Trey." she began.
			"What?! We have to go and help them!" Sparky whimpered, preparing to run.
			"No, buddy, it's okay... He's gonna be okay." she continued, stroking his mane.
			"He's gonna break out, Amy. I'm sure he will. He'll bring Trey with him too." Sparky yapped.
			Chloe knelt down with them both.
			"He knows something's wrong." she noted, a tear pooling in her scar.
			The three formed a group hug.
			"I'll look after him." Amy nodded. "I'll give my boss a shout, get him in the daycare when I'm working."
			"I'll speak to my professor." Bea began. "I'm sure he'll know some good lawyers."
			"How can they just arrest them like that? They're not terrorists!" Chloe lamented.
			"Doesn't matter. The new laws mean that as long as the police have a 'reasonable suspicion' that you're connected to an anti-government group, they can throw you in jail with no charge." Bea explained. "But... why would they suspect them?"
			Amy paused. "Fuck... It's RS." she cursed.
			"RS?" Bea tilted her head.
			"Redbridge Syndicate." Amy explained. "Tommy's gang - if they got Pawel, chances are they got him too."
			"Hang on a minute..." Bea began. "They work for a gang?"
			Amy scratched the back of her head. "Everyone in Redbridge works for the Syndicate in some way or another." she answered.
			"What do you mean?"
			"Tommy and Vince - our uncle - started RS together in '99." Amy began. "At the time, the Patriots were constantly riding over and extorting the locals. Feds didn't give a shit, so the RS started off as a self-defence organisation. Whenever the Patriots would come down for 'Protection money', RS would show up and rock their shit. Before long, practically every business in Redbridge started paying RS."
			"How's that any different?" Bea asked, her expression hardening slightly.
			"The difference is A; the Syndicate won't smash your place up if you don't pay, and B; they actually protect the people here. There's a reason it's only been recently that the Patriots have been trying shit again." Amy explained.
			Bea nodded. "So... what do they do for them?"
			"Connor told me he used to rob places with his uncle." Chloe began. "But when his uncle got arrested, he stopped doing that. Instead, his job was investigating the Patriots. That must be why they've taken him..."
			"Trey used to run stuff for them." Amy added. "And the repair shop - it used to double up as a chop shop, too. But that work has dried up ever since they started putting serial numbers on parts."
			Bea stroked her chin pensively. "I... well, if they're part of this 'Syndicate', there's not much we can do."
			The girls all sighed in unison.

			Not a moment passed in the yard before Connor was practically tackled by Vince, who pulled his nephew into a bear hug.
			"Vince..." he whispered, returning the embrace.
			"My boy..." Vince replied, holding him tight.
			The others walked over.
			"The fuck is going on?" Trey asked.
			"We're being targeted. The police chief, Dorsey, has claimed we're some kind of militant group, which means he can invoke the Terrorism Act and put us in here without charge." Tommy explained. "Worse, we don't have the right to a jury. We'll be tried by a government-appointed judge."
			"What, the fuckin' Diplock courts? This isn't bloody Belfast!" Vince protested.
			"No, but Dorsey's argument is that if he doesn't lock us up, it soon will be." Tommy replied.
			Pawel shuddered. "I grew up under Jaruzelski - and they still at least pretended to give you a trial."
			Tommy chuckled. "So, we have fewer civil rights than citizens under a military dictatorship. We're *fucked.*"
			Connor spoke up. "Tommy, have you heard from the Werewolf?" he asked, making a point in his facial expressions - "Be subtle."
			Shannon looked at him, tilting her head slightly.
			"Not yet." Tommy nodded, getting the hint. "He's not going to break us out, that much is sure."
			Connor cursed under his breath - it was an order. "Don't reveal yourself over this."
			Vince gave Connor a knowing nod. He turned to face Tommy.
			"I can't say it's good circumstances, but... It's good to see you again, mate."
			Tommy smiled. "You too, boss." He stressed the last word.
			"Oh, by the way." Trey began. "This is Shannon."
			"Hi..." she said meekly. "Um, Pawel and Tommy, I've met you guys. I, um... I do computer stuff."
			"I'm Vince." he smiled warmly. "Lovely name - as you can tell from the accent, I'm biased. I founded this outfit with Tommy."
			Shannon bowed her head, but her eyes darted to the side - something seemed familiar.
			"Connor." he said, trying his hardest to hide his voice.
			"Why did they arrest you anyway, Shan?" Trey asked.
			"Hang on - 'Shan?'" Vince chuckled. "You English bastard. Shannon's a beautiful Irish name, and what, you got bored at the first syllable?"
			Trey laughed. "Oh, Vince - I've missed your crap jokes. They make mine sound hilarious by comparison."
			Connor grinned. He went to speak, but stopped himself.
			Shannon chuckled. "I, um... I hack computers for the Syndicate." she admitted.
			Trey looked at Tommy, and scowled. "This is you all over. Taking good people, and turning them into weapons."
			"Excuse me?" Tommy asked, his brow furrowing. "You wanna dredge this shit up again? I've told you before - I don't coerce. If you would just listen to that instead of accusing me, then maybe--"
			"Guys!" Connor butted in. "We're in enough trouble as it is. Let's save the quarrelling unil *after* we're out of here."
			The two locked eyes, and relented.
			Vince looked over proudly.
			"Why have they lifted you, anyway?" Connor asked Trey.
			"Oh, um..." Trey scratched the back of his head.
			"Trey's been moving product for me. Not much, but enough for them to make the case in court." Tommy explained.
			"They're throwing you under Diplock for *delivering weed?!* Connor tilted his head incredulously.
			"I just... Dad's been worrying about the mortgage, so I tried to make a little more money." Trey began.
			"It's not that. Why the fuck would they lock up small fry like you?" Pawel asked.
			Trey shrugged.
			Connor hugged him. "It's gonna be okay. We're... we're gonna get out of here. I swear."
			Tears ran down Trey's face. "Are we?"

		Arrival
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Nina arrived at the police station, wearing a hoodie and jeans. She was ushered to the holding cells, where Naismith sat in prison clothes.
			"Sir..." she began, shocked.
			"Nina!" he gasped, rushing to the bars. "Listen, I swear, they're..."
			"It's okay." she nodded. "I trust you, sir. Besides, I've been suspended from duty anyway - pending investigation."
			"Jesus Christ..." Naismith sighed sadly. "I'm so sorry."
			"Don't be." she shook her head. "Listen, I know I can't do much, but... is there anything I can do?"
			"My dog, Max." he said instantly. "He'll be at home, panicking - unless they've taken him to a shelter. Please, you have to make sure they don't sell him, or--or put him down."
			"I--Yeah, no worries sir." she nodded.
			"Please, Nina, he's all I've got left of her, and I'm gonna lose him, I'm gonna lose everything--"
			"Sir." she said, shaking him out of it. "I'll help, don't worry."
			"Thank you." he whispered. At that, a police officer in uniform approached.
			"Mr. Naismith." he began. "We're going to transport you to HMP Wickermast pending your hearing under Terrorism Act provisions. On a personal level, sir - I'd recommend you keep your head down. Coppers don't get much love in prison, let alone in Wickermast."
			Naismith nodded, and was taken away. Nina rubbed her temples, stressed.

			Amy sat outside, taking a long drag on a cigarette - one of Connor's. Sparky crawled up to her.
			"Connor likes those stinky things. Do you think he'll be back for them?" he asked.
			She cried silently, and hugged him.
			"Listen, buddy..." she whispered. "You can't go and rescue him, okay? That'll make things worse. Promise me you won't try and rescue him."
			"But we have to!" he protested.
			"Promise, please..."
			He reluctantly nodded.

			The room was a dark, dingy office. The Commandant sat at his desk, sipping a glass of whiskey.
			Dorsey entered, standing to attention. "Commandant, sir."
			"At ease. Report." The Commandant gestured.
			"Thank you, sir. We've launched a crackdown on the rivals to our proxies in the Patriots - a gang of miscreants called the Redbridge Syndicate."
			The Commandant's eyes flared. "Who was arrested?"
			"The leader, Thomas Crane. Two enforcers - Pawel Rakowski and Connor Barrett. A deliveryman called Trey Morgan. A hacker called Liam Taylor, and lastly, detective Naismith."
			The Commandant grinned. "Were there any difficulties in the arrests?"
			"Barrett in particular was resistant. He injured two officers with their own batons, before surrendering to armed police." Dorsey nodded.
			The Commandant smirked. "I'm guessing the shift-up in local politics has also been beneficial for you?"
			"Yes, sir." Dorsey nodded. "Naismith is wallowing in jail with the Syndicate. I've sent out word to assets in the prison, and we'll have him killed before he can reach trial."
			"All this... to cover up your indiscretion." the Commandant growled lowly. "Do *not* fuck up like this again, Dorsey. We are involved with these trafficking rings for one thing, and one thing only - test subjects. I don't want to hear any more stories of you sampling the merchandise. Is that clear?"
			"Y-yes sir, absolutely." Dorsey stammered. "In addition, sir - the Traitor has continued his attacks - but he's changed tactics. We're seeing a number of sniper attacks on key personnel."
			The Commandant grinned, looking at profiles of Ivan and Sparky. Clearly, the other two Werewolves were still active. "Carry on as normal."
			"Yes, sir. Hail Victory." Dorsey clicked his heels.
			"Hail Victory." the Commandant nodded.

			Connor leaned against the metal fence of the prison yard. He'd already checked - the gaps were too thin for a human to climb them.
			Trey shuffled over.
			"Everything alright?"
			"Yeah, fuckin' dandy mate." Trey snarked.
			"Sorry, stupid question." he sighed.
			"It's fine... Sorry, I didn't mean to sound like a prick." Trey smiled warmly. "Um... what's up with you and Shannon?"
			"What do you mean?"
			"You just seemed really awkward with her, is all."
			"Oh yeah, I'm a raging transphobe." Connor quipped. "No, it's... You remember I told you our team has a new hacker?"
			"Oh?" Trey tilted his head, before his eyes widened. "Oh..."
			"Yeah." Connor nodded.
			"Does she know?"
			"I don't *think* so..."
			With that, she walked over.
			"Uh, Trey? Tommy wanted to talk to you about--uh, something."
			"Sure." Trey nodded, rising. She sat down.
			"So..." she began, a cheeky grin forming. "What's our next move, boss?"
			Connor rolled his eyes, chuckling. "Is it that obvious?"
			"You've used your real voice with me before." she shrugged. "That badass growly-thing you do? Try using that more often."
			"In fairness, the growly-thing isn't a good idea for comforting a mugging victim. And it fuckin' sucks on comms." he laughed. He raised his hand, beckoning Trey over.
			"What's up?" he asked cautiously.
			Connor answered by flashing his eyes red for a second.
			"Well, I was gonna do introductions, but seems you've already met." he snarked.
			"So... I could break us out." Connor began.
			"Don't." both cut in.
			"If you do that, your secret goes nuclear. No, we... we'll find a better way."
			"My earpiece ran out of battery last night." Connor sighed. "If I can get a burner smuggled in, I can call Ivan and rendezvous. Until then?"
			"We wait. We'll be fine." Trey smiled. "After all... we've got a superhero in with us."

		Prison Yard
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Morning came, and Amy stood outside the Singing Horse. Without the Syndicate to protect it, the Patriots had sacked the place. The windows were shattered, swastikas were sprayed on every wall, drink was poured out on the floors along with urine... A truly sorry sight.
			"This is our town." she whispered to herself. "Not theirs."
			She entered, grabbed a mop and a bucket, and began doing what she could.

			Across town, in HMP Wickermast, Connor was awoken by the voice of a prison officer.
			"Barrett - personal visitor."
			He rose, and jumped down.
			Slater laid in his bunk, trembling still.
			Connor walked with the officer, and entered the visitation room. Behind a metal grid sat Chloe.
			He rushed over, taking the seat.
			"Hi, Connor..." she began sadly.
			"Hey..." he smiled softly. "How are you doing?"
			"How am *I?*" Chloe asked incredulously, before chuckling softly. "Well, I'm not in prison at least."
			Connor smirked. "Yeah, can't say I recommend it. How'd you even get here?"
			"Technically, you still have the right to visitation - but the visitor has to be security cleared. Me working for Morland meant I passed their checks pretty quickly." she shrugged.
			"Thank God. It's... it's really good to see you."
			She smiled, then sighed. "How are you holding up? Have they been treating you well enough?"
			"The ones that didn't, soon learned to." he replied evasively. "I'm alright, Chloe. I'm safe."
			She gave a sad smile. "And how's Trey? He, um - his dad came to yours the other night. Apparently the police didn't even tell him he'd been arrested."
			"That's fucked." Connor grimaced. "He's okay, anyway. He just wants out of here, same as me. Same as all of us, I suppose."
			"Connor... They're gonna try you guys under the Terrorism Act."
			"I know. No right to a lawyer, no right to a jury... we're screwed."
			"I just... why the hell have they arrested you?!"
			"I'm trying to work that out." he replied, looking over his shoulder at the guard. Chloe nodded, getting the hint.
			"But aside from that... how are you? Is uni okay? Or work?"
			Chloe shrugged. "They're both okay. We're looking into... ah, it doesn't matter."
			"Chloe." Connor began, smiling. "I like hearing about this stuff, remember?"
			She blushed, and sat up straight. "We're currently doing a module on Chimeric viruses. Basically, it's a technology where you combine two virus species. We've just done a functional strain combining smallpox and ebola."
			Connor looked at her, surprised. "So... bioweapons?"
			"Well, yes - but it's not in a bad way. Studying chimeric viruses in a controlled setting makes it less of a concern if someone were to actually make one as a weapon. Since we know how, for instance, ebola-pox is made, we also know exactly what antivirals work best against it."
			Connor leant back, in awe. "Think you can make a virus that only hurts the people who voted for the Terrorism Act?"
			Chloe laughed - a genuine laugh. "So, in other words, you want me to commit bioterrorism against people who made even thinking about doing that illegal. Well, it's worth a go."
			Connor smiled warmly, glad to have cheered her up a little. "And how's everyone else? Is Sparky okay?"
			"He's okay." she began. "He knows something's wrong though, bless him. I wanna explain it to him, but... well, he's a dog."
			"You can try." Connor smiled sadly. "He's clever. He, uh... he likes being spoken to, I mean."
			"Heh... he's very smart. Amy's got him in her daycare at the moment - but he's so depressed, seeing him makes me..." she sighed, tears rolling down her cheeks. Connor put his fingers through the grate, and she did the same.
			"Hands!" the guard snapped.
			Connor looked at him, and glared. "Oi. Jackboot. Remember what happened to Slater? How about I put my hands where I fuckin' well please?"
			The guard gulped, and looked away pointedly.
			Chloe chuckled. "Yeah, we've got to get you out of here. Any longer and you'll end up running the place."
			"Hey, I'd be an amazing governor." Connor grinned. He pushed his fingers further through the grate - it was uncomfortable, but allowed Chloe to hold his hand a little more.
			"How are yous all coping? You, Amy, and Bea, I mean."
			"Bea's okay." she said evasively.
			"What's wrong?"
			"She's... it's nothing to worry about."
			"Then you can tell me, right?"
			Chloe relented. "It's just her and Charlie. She's leaning on him a lot - and I still don't trust him."
			Connor nodded softly. "I guess... all you can do is keep her close."
			Chloe shrugged, before taking a deep breath.
			"Amy's... she's being very brave." she said softly. "She's staying round yours for the time being, to look after Sparky at night. But she... she misses you. A hell of a lot."
			Connor smiled slightly. "You say that now. Once I'm out of here, she'll act like she didn't give a toss."
			Chloe chuckled. "Remember that movie you told me about? The cannibal-gulag thingy?"
			"Oh, Red Rebellion!" Connor grinned.
			"That's the one." she smiled. "Amy's been watching with Sparky. I think it reminds her of you."
			He sighed softly. "Bless her. We used to watch that film loads. Hah, pretty sure I convinced you to watch it with me at some point."
			"Heh... I, um... I know it sounds stupid, but I really hope we get a chance to watch that movie together." she sighed, tears rolling down her cheeks.
			"Listen... I'm gonna get out of here." he vowed. "I'll get out of here. And when I'm out, we'll watch as many cannibal-gulag films as you want, and you can tell me all about chimeric viruses, and peptides, and whatever else."
			She smirked. "That a promise?"
			"It is." Connor nodded firmly.
			She smiled. "They have to send you to court within 60 days - well, 56 now. Bea's already asked her professor if he knows anyone who could give you and Trey representation."
			"Thank god." Connor relaxed slightly. "Hopefully, this whole law gets scrapped off soon."
			"Hm?" she tilted her head.
			"They have the same laws on the books in Ireland." he explained. "Anyone accused of a sectarian crime can end up in the Diplock courts. All the new law did was make it nationwide. And, well... It pains me to say it, but English people are a lot more likely to get upset about this law when they learn it's not just Irish people who get hit with it."
			Chloe nodded softly. "I suppose this isn't new to you, then."
			"Not really. At least they're throwing me in jail instead of throwing petrol bombs through my window." he muttered disdainfully.
			Chloe smiled sadly, and squeezed his hand. "I have to go - they only let me get 5 minutes with you. But I'll be back as soon as they let me."
			"Thank you..." Connor breathed out. "You don't know how much I needed this."
			"I could say the same..." she whispered to herself. "I'll see you soon."
			"Yeah..." he smiled sadly. "See you soon."

			Meanwhile, back in Caldermouth, Bea sat in the student cafe with Charlie. She sipped her cup abesntmindedly.
			"You seem distracted." he began, folding his arms. "I'm not boring you, am I?"
			"Hm? No, no... Just, there's a lot on my mind." she replied.
			"Bea... you're my girlfriend. You can talk to me."
			She sighed. "It's my friends - Connor and Trey."
			Charlie's teeth gritted at their names, but he masked it. "What's wrong?"
			"They've been arrested." she admitted.
			"Really?" he asked, doing his best to stifle a grin. "What did they do?"
			"N-nothing - well, nothing immoral." Bea began. "They're connected to this gang in Redbridge - they call it the Syndicate. The police chief has used the Terrorsim Act to detain them without charge."
			"The Terrorism Act? It must be serious, then." Charlie prodded. "This is too easy." he thought.
			"Well--I mean, they're not terrorists. The Syndicate is more like the Black Panthers than they are the Mafia."
			"Still, Bea... Everyone *thinks* they're the heroes. But I can assure you, 9 times out of 10, the people playing Robin Hood are just common crooks." he said.
			Bea leant back, unsure. "I mean... That's not what they're like, I swear."
			"I'm sorry." he pulled back. "I don't mean to be insulting."
			"No, no, it's fine." she smiled softly. "It's just on my mind is all."
			"Well..." he began, "Let's try and get it off your mind, eh?"
			She smiled softly, conflicted. The two rose, and went on.

			Dorsey nervously pulled at his collar, before rising to the podium.
			The briefing hall had once been used for community outreach seminars. Now, every window was shuttered, and armed officers stood by the exits.
			Rows of police sat in silence, fluorescent lights humming overhead.
			Dorsey cleared his throat.
			"We've failed." he began somberly. Whispers of confusion filled the air.
			"Crime is rising. The streets are unsafe. People are turning to terrorist gangs like the Syndicate for their protection. And to top it all off, our new mayor dares to accuse *us* of corruption!"
			The room was silent, now. Deafeningly silent.
			"Until today, we've been forced to serve faceless, unaccountable bureaucrats. Politician like mayor Ward and the USP, who try to smear and vilify us to gain votes. Our duty is clear. We protect public order. We are the thin blue line. We. Are. The law."
			You could hear a mouse's heartbeat.
			"But we have been hobbled by regulations, and codes of conduct, and political opportunism, for far too long. We can't even defend ourselves! Just this week, the Werewolf terrorist attacked this very building, and tried to kill several officers! Well, no more."
			The doors at the side of the hall opened. Several men entered.
			Not police.
			Black uniforms. Kevlar body armour. Their shoulders bore the leonine insignia of Gambit Security Services.
			"As of this morning," he finally breathed out, "the Home Office has authorised Drackhill Valley Police to enter a joint operational partnership with Gambit Security Services."
			The soldiers stood to attention.
			"Come the morning, these men will be sworn in, and wearing uniform! They will be our eyes. Our ears. Our iron fists. They will provide location security. Riot suppression. Armed response. And counter-terrorist crackdowns."
			He looked out at the pale-faced officers, and grinned.
			"I promise you, public trust will be restored. The anarchist forces will be extirpated. And policing will once again be left to those who know it best - us. That will be all."

		Charlie gaslights Bea/The King's Gambit
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The morning bell cut through Connor's ears, and he scowled at it. He forced himself out of his bunk.
			Slater trembled as he moved. He turned quick, making the fascist thug jump.
			"Gotcha." he grinned, heading out of the cell.
			He grabbed a towel, and headed to the showers. He waited outside, as the others joined him.
			"Morning, bro." Trey yawned. "I'm getting used to this now."
			"You'd think a bit of routine would do me some good." Connor snarked. "Instead, I'm about one more inconvenience away from castrating Slater."
			"Do it." Trey grinned.
			"Morning, boys!" Vince cheered. "Bright and early, I see."
			"Vince, I love you, but don't talk to me until I've had a coffee..." Connor groaned. "Actually, caffeine doesn't even affect me anymore, so go wild."
			"Ah, sarkiness. Wonder who taught you that?" Vince chuckled.
			Before long, Shannon joined them. "Hey, guys."
			"What's wrong?" Trey asked, worried.
			"N-nothing." she said quickly. Connor's eyes flashed red.
			"I can see the bruise." he growled lowly. "Who?"
			"It's fine... he only hit me once."
			"*Who?*"
			She looked away, and felt Trey's hand on hers. She took a deep breath.
			"Billy Mason. He... he said I should watch myself in the showers today. He... he said some really... really horrible things..." she trembled.
			"Mason..." Vince snarled. "Don't worry, darlin', he'll get his. I promise you that."
			She looked up meekly, and smiled softly. The gang headed into the showers.
			"Right, we'll give you some privacy." Vince nodded gently. "You go in first, we'll go in after."
			"Oi. That's not how it works, and you know that." a prison officer scowled. "One of you lot being a deviant doesn't me----"
			His words were stopped by Connor's hand exploding out and wrapping around his neck.
			"Feel that?" he whispered with tranquil fury. "My grip? Think about that. Think about how, oh sure, you might be able to scream for help - but not quickly enough to save your own skin. *She. Showers. First.* Any objections, I'll grab that nightstick and shove it so far up your arse, you'll taste metal. *Understood?*"
			The guard hurriedly nodded, and was released.
			"That's my boy." Vince grinned proudly. "Go on, Shannon. We'll be out here. Anyone tries to come in... they'll learn soon enough."

			Morning faded into afternoon. At the edge of the canteen, the Redbridge Syndicate relaxed.
			"So, um..." Connor began, hesitantly. "Pawel, we should probably tell you, too."
			"Tell me what?"
			Connor sighed. "I'm... I'm the Werewolf."
			"I knew that?" he tilted his head.
			"Does anyone *not* know my secret?" he rolled his eyes, throwing up his hands.
			"Connor, I saw you run off at the community centre. And after that, every time you meet up with Tommy, the Werewolf does something shortly after. I just assumed it was an unspoken thing."
			Connor shrugged. "So, at least we're all on the same page."
			He leaned back.	"Hey... I recognise that guy."
			He pointed at an inmate, grinning. "Ah... where did I see him... ah! He was Shelby's. He's walking pretty well, all things considered."
			Vince chuckled. "What's this, vigilante bingo?"
			"I call it reminiscing." he shrugged. "Oh, another! Trey, Tommy, Pawel - you might recognise him."
			"Oh, that's the prick who shot you!" Tommy gasped. "With the revolver, in the Horse!"
			"Damn, his face is still all fucked up!" Pawel chuckled.
			"I hit him in the face with his own revolver. That needs more than just a plaster to fix." Connor snarked.
			"Oh shit." Shannon pointed. "Remember him?"
			Connor looked over, and his eyes widened. "Oh yeah. The cunt who was mugging you when we first met. He got off lightly."
			Shannon chuckled. "Well, he's definitely learned not to mess with me again, I'm sure."
			Pawel cleared his throat. "So's Billy Mason, by the way."
			Shannon tilted her head.
			"Hey, we're doing time in the big house together. That makes us family!" he cheered. "And no one messes with our family."
			"Thanks." she smiled softly. "I guess, as experiences for trans girls in an all male prison goes... this could be worse."
			"Anyone else gives you shit, just let us know, darlin'." Vince nodded. "You're with us, and we're with you."
			Another inmate walked in, this time flanked by an officer.
			"Ah. Nonce wing." Vince scowled. "Oh, sorry - 'Vulnerable Person's Unit.'"
			Connor looked closer, and recongised him. The broken hands, in particular.
			"That's the Strangler." he snarled.
			"Fuck. The one who nearly shot Amy?" Trey gasped.
			"He *WHAT?!*" Vince barked.
			"Hey, hey... deep breaths." Connor quickly cut in. "Look at his hands and believe me when I say, I've already dealt with it."
			Vince's lip curled, but he relented, leaning back.
			"Oh look!" Trey chuckled. "Harry and Marv."
			Connor looked up, and laughed. The two thieves who crashed Santa's Grotto sauntered through the canteen.
			"No fuckin' way..." Tommy sighed. "Look who they've lifted."
			Connor and Vince recognised him right away.
			"Vitale?" Vince called over. The famous golden grin flashed as he approached.
			"Well, well, well... at least I ain't the only gangster--sorry, 'upstanding businessman' they've lifted."
			Connor crouched down, keeping his profile low.
			"How come they've taken you?" Tommy cocked an eyebrow. "We never could get you invested in a bigger cause than cash."
			"Yeah, well... blame Il Lupo." he shrugged. "I don't regret it - I'm glad them kids're safe."
			"What are you saying? That the crackdown had something to do with the traffickers?" Shannon cut in.
			"I ain't sayin' nothing of the sort. But I sure as shit am implying it." he winked, heading off.
			Connor stroked his chin, deep in thought.

		Vigilante Bingo
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It had been a few days now, and Connor was growing restless. His inner demons wanted a good fight. They wanted the feeling of hitting flesh.
			Meanwhile, Naismith awkwardly entered the canteen, keeping his head down. Connor sniffed the air, and recognised the scent. He sighed.
			"Oi! You!" one man roared, slide-tackling Naismith and delivering a volley of punches.
			"You fucking cunt! You nicked me!"
			Connor rushed in, grabbing the assailant by the chest and heaving him away.
			"Fuck you, dickhead!" he roared. His friends joined in, fists clenched.
			Connor stood in front of Naismith, grinning with anticipation.

			"Police! Open up!" the voice barked from behind the door.
			Amy sighed, rising. Sparky looked out the window, and snarled.
			"Stay calm..." she whispered, opening the door.
			"How can I help you, officers?" she began. They barged past her.
			"We have a warrant to seach these premises." their point man began. He looked more like a common thug than a cop - not that there was much distinction these days.
			"Oh, cool. I suppose if it's all above board, you won't mind me filming, then?" she smirked, holding her phone up.
			"Give me that." he snapped, reaching. Sparky roared, and he started back.
			"Oh, I wouldn't do that. I'm livestreaming into my group chat - seizing private property like that? That's a big no-no." she grinned.
			He scowled, but relented. "Let's go, boys. Turn the place upside down."
			"And make sure you put everything back after." she snarked.
			The officers trampled through the house, yanking open cupboard doors and wardrobes.
			"Sir! Got something here!" one shouted from the kitchen.
			The squad approached, as the officer pressed a button under the cabinet.
			"Amy... that's the lockbox." Sparky growled lowly.
			"Shh, it's okay." she whispered. They pulled down the wine fridge.
			"Oh? What's in there?" the point man grinned.
			"You'll have to ask my brother. In court." she spat.
			"What's the keycode?"
			"No comment."
			"Have it your way. Get it open!"
			The officers grinned savagely, and pulled out some power tools.
			"Amy..." Sparky warned.
			"It'll be alright." she whispered again.

			The first man came at him with a shiv. Connor twisted the man's arm, before slamming his body into a table, knocking the board off. He grabbed it, and swinged into another man, knocking him down cold. Naismith got up, and delivered a number of impressive judo strikes to a third, before being overwhelmed. Connor went to intervene, but felt a dull thud to the back of his head. He turned, unfazed, to his assailant, and delivered a haymaker to the unlucky man's jaw, sending him down like a sack of wet meat.
			Naismith was restrained now, and the first man picked up his shiv, and put it against Naismith's throat.
			"*OI!*" Vince roared, putting the chaotic canteen silent. "THE FUCK YOU ALL THINK YOU'RE DOING?!"
			"But Vince, he's--"
			"NO KILLING IN *MY* BLOCK!" he screamed, standing atop a table. Even the superhuman Connor looked up in awe at the prison alpha.
			"We have *RULES* in here, boys. *RULES!*"
			"He's a copper!" another man shouted. "He nicked me, too!"
			"I don't care if he nicked your little dog!"
			"But Vince--"
			"*WHO'S _SPEAKING?!_*" Vince screamed at the top of his lungs. Spittle and sweat shot out out of his mouth, and he looked like a rabid dog.
			The canteen went deathly quiet. Everyone held their breath in terror.
			Even Connor shuddered, his only thought being "So that's where I get it from."
			"Clearly you fuckers have forgotten why I'm in charge. MAYBE I NEED TO REMIND YOUS?! Anyone fancy challenging me? ANYONE?!"
			Silence.
			"*SPEAK UP! ANYONE?!*"
			Total, deafening silence.
			"Good." Vince nodded at last. "Now, back to your cells, the lot of yous. Past your bedtimes. And anyone breaks the rules again, I'll REMIND YOUS WHY I'M IN CHARGE!" he roared. "DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR TO YOUS?!"
			The crowds dispersed, frantically and breathlessly nodding, and some prison guards filtered in.
			"FUCK OFF!" Vince roared. They hurriedly made a point of looking away. His reputation preceded him.
			Tommy came over, and gave Naismith a hand standing up. He looked up at Vince in awe.
			"Still got it, boss." he grinned.
			Vince didn't answer. His hands were shaking, as he stepped down.
			He motioned to Connor for the pair to go outside.

			A quarter of an hour had passed - and several bent drill-bits littered the kitchen floor.
			"This'd be easier if you just gave us the code." an officer snarled.
			"Next time, do your own damn job." she snapped.
			"It's open!" another shouted.
			"Let's see what your terrorist brother had stashed in here, eh?"
			"If they find it... I have to kill them." Sparky whispered, praying Amy could hear him just once.
			The officers opened the cabinet, and sighed.
			"Nothing. Completely empty."
			Amy grinned, then let out a chuckle. "I'll send the invoice for the safe. Magnetic locks like those are *very* expensive, you know."
			"Come on boys, let's go." the point man scoffed.
			Sparky looked up at her in awe. "Nice work."
			She grinned, and knelt down, stroking his ears. His tongue flopped out as he enjoyed the attention.

			In the courtyard, the two Barretts let the cold air focus them.
			"I get those shakes too." Connor nodded. "When I have a Rage."
			"You say it like it's more than that." Vince noted.
			Connor sighed. "Sometimes, when I get too pissed, or a fight gets intense, I see red. Literally. That's when my eyes turn red, and my powers get stronger."
			"Well, that's not a superman thing, lad." Vince shrugged, lighting a cigarette, before offering Connor one. He gladly accepted.
			"Don't tell me these have been up your arse..." he grinned.
			"No, of course not." Vince chuckled. Connor took a drag.
			"I hid 'em up *Slater's* arse."
			Connor spat out the cigarette, before bursting into laughter. The pair leant backwards.
			"Your granny used to call it "The devil in your eye." She said I'd get it when I got pissed at your grandad."
			"Yeah..." Connor took a deep breath. "She said it to me too, once. He'd just hit me, and I hit him back - way harder than a 6 year old would normally. She grabbed me, and said "Get that devil out your eye!" Snapped me out of it."
			"You know that limp he had?" Vince tilted his head.
			Connor nodded.
			"He got that from me." Vince admitted. "He'd said some awful shite about your mother, and I lost it. That's... that's why they stopped me from seeing you."
			"Well, at least you still came round. Sure, we were sneaking, but..." Connor shrugged.
			"Christ... Don't tell people your uncle would sneak into your house to meet with you. Lots of unfortunate implications there." Vince grinned.
			Connor burst out laughing. "Oh, Christ, I've missed your crappy jokes."
			"You get your temper from me, lad, but your sense of humour from your mother." he snarked.
			"Quite shit, really." Connor quipped. He took a deep breath.
			"Did I get the 'Devil in my eye' when I... killed Laverty?"
			"God, yes you did." Vince nodded. "You and Amy both. *I* was scared for a bit. Why'd you ask?"
			"He's been on my mind a lot lately." Connor admitted. "I ran into an auction with a bunch of pervs, and it... brought it all back."
			Vince nodded sympathetically. "I'm here, lad. I know it's not a good situation, but I'm here."
			"And now Naismith's here, too." Connor stroked his chin.
			"The copper in the canteen?"
			"Yeah. He's the detective investigating the Werewolf. And now he's in jail... just after we found out his boss was involved in..."
			"In what?"
			Connor's expression changed. "I need a phone."
			Vince handed him a burner.
			"Was this up Slater's arse too?" Connor cocked an eyebrow.
			"No, just mine." Vince laughed. Connor chuckled, and dialed a number.
			"Hello, Priory Road dry cleaners. Janet speaking." a weary, older voice answered.
			"Sokolov working today?" Connor asked.
			"...I'm sorry, sir, we don't have anyone here by that name." the voice replied.
			"Senate. Bloody Mary. Shrike. Cascade." Connor said quietly.
			"...I'm very sorry, sir. Have a good day." the voice sighed, hanging up.
			"The fuck was what?" Vince grinned.
			"Hang on." Connor smirked.

			"FUCK YOU!" the Super-Agent spat, his face bloodied and broken. Ivan replied with a stab to the gut - not the first, as the Agent's shredded abdomen could attest.
			"You... you can't break me, you commie prick." the Agent said, his breath ragged and weak. "Super-Agents don't fear death."
			"I know." Ivan chuckled. "Hence why I'm torturing you, mudak. Tell me what I want to know, and I'll let you die."
			"I ain't telling you *shit!*" the Agent barked.
			"Alright." Ivan grinned, before pulling out his stun gun. "It's not a car battery to the nipples, but it'll have to do."
			With that, he felt his burner phone ring. The Agent clutched his ribs, desperately trying to stop bleeding.
			"Excuse me, chuvak." he smirked, answering. "Sokolov."
			"Comrade Sokolov." Janet began. "Agent Barrett has called in. Urgent contact required. Details in text."
			"Prinyal." Ivan nodded, cutting off the call.
			"What... what's going on?" the Agent asked, gasping for air.
			"Oh... moy govnyuk..." Ivan grinned savagely. "I'm afraid I must say do svidaniya."
			He drew his pistol, and plugged the Agent between the eyes. He looked back down at the phone, his expression almost bored.
			"Privet, tovarishch!" Connor answered.

			It was dark, now. Amy and Sparky were out for a late-night jog. A few emboldened Patriots looked like they wanted to start something - but snarling fangs changed their tunes pretty quickly.
			They came to a halt outside a cold, abandoned unit. Its shutters were closed, and hadn't been opened for a week at least.
			After all, its workers were in jail.
			Riverside Repairs.
			Amy pulled out Connor's key, and opened the door.
			"What are we doing here?" Sparky asked, sniffing the place.
			Amy grinned, and headed downstairs. The basement was dark - it's air chilly and damp. But there was something she was after.
			A lockbox. She punched in the code, and opened it up.
			The light from Connor's computer screen lit up her face. As did the LEDs from his Crusader-pattern suit.
			Sparky grinned in realisation.

		Who's Speaking
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Just what in the hell is going on?!" newly-elected mayor Helen Ward snapped.
			"Ma'am." Dorsey began, scowling. "Our department neutralised a dangerous terrorist group. You should be thankful."
			"Be thankful?! You've abused an already constituionally-dodgy law!"
			"In the business, we call it 'the Belfast.'" he snarked. "Now, I know you socialists aren't particularly bright, so I'll explain this clearly - in the event of a terrorist threat, like the Werewolf and his Syndicate cronies, it is up to the discretion of the Chief Constable - that's me, in case you hadn't noticed - to neutralise their threat. Deputising Gambit was a necessary step to achieve order in our streets."
			"Consolidate your control, more like." she hissed. "Where are the arrests to the Patriots?"
			"I'm not going to apply a terrorism law against loyal patriotic citizens."
			"I can have you fired, Dorsey. Don't forget that."
			"Try it, bitch." he fired back contemptuously. "Watch how quickly my officers turn on you. Oh, imagine the headlines. 'Anarchy in Drackhill!' 'Mayor Ward to blame!'"
			Ward scowled. "This isn't over. I can tell you're hiding something, Dorsey. Your arrest of your own detective just solidifies that. And when I find out what you're up to, you're finished."
			Dorsey stormed out, and pulled out his phone.
			"Sir." he began. "I'm gonna start needing a bodyguard detail."

			Over in Redbridge, in Skye Road Pawz, Amy was working the reception.
			Nina entered, holding Max on a leash.
			"Oh? And who's this lovely little man?" Amy cooed.
			"'Little' might be a stretch." Nina chuckled. "Hi, Amy."
			"Oh, Nina? You're Yaz's sister, right? Sorry, it's been ages." Amy smiled. "How have you been?"
			"Yeah, not bad, thanks." she lied. "Listen, um... this is Max, he's my boss's dog. He, um... he was swept up in that purge the other day. I was hoping I could book Max into daycare? I don't want him adopted out, or anything."
			"No, of course not." Amy shook her head. "We'll get him in, no problem. A full day is £40."
			Nina nodded, and tapped her card.
			"See you later, Maxie." Nina smiled. Max barked happily, and was led into the courtyard by Amy.
			A veritable menagerie of different dogs were playing chaotically in the yard. Amy let Max off lead, to sniff around.
			Sparky trotted up to him.
			"Hello! You smell familiar. What's your name?"
			Max barked back. Sparky tilted his head.
			"Okay, I can call you 'Raghgff.' You're the thirty-seventh Raghgff today..." he rolled his eyes, lying down.
			"Sparky, this is Max. Say hi!" Amy smiled.
			"Hey, Max." he nodded, bored and depressed.
			"Hey, buddy..." she sighed. "I know you're still upset about Connor... but try and enjoy daycare, okay?"
			"Yeah..." Sparky sighed back. "Come on, Max, I'll show you around."
			Max barked affirmatively, and trotted beside Sparky.
			Amy looked on, smiling faintly.
			"I'll take over from here." Alison smiled. "Have a good afternoon, Amy."
			"Thanks, Alison." she smiled back. "I'll pick him up later."
			She stepped outside, and saw two figures.
			"Hey, girrrrl." Bea began, grinning.
			"What's this, then?" Amy chuckled.
			"Well, we've all been... upset, lately." Chloe began. "And the boys wouldn't want us to feel that way. So Bea came up with an amazing plan..."
			"We get fuckin' hammered."
			Amy laughed. "My kind of plan."

			Ivan arrived in a hotel room. Inside sat his superior Morozov, and a second man - an elderly man, with several battle wounds. Multiple scars, an eyepatch over his right eye, a missing left arm, and an unnatural gait implying at least one prosthetic leg. He wore a black waistcoat over a white shirt and a red tie, as well as a long leather trenchcoat.
			"Gentlemen." he began. "It's confirmed. Dorsey cracked down to cover up his crimes."
			"Not just that." the scarred man began. His voice was a mix of Received Pronounciation and Welsh. "He's clearing out any opposition to the local fascist elements, too. Gambit has just been deputised."
			"Indeed, sir." Ivan nodded deferentially. "Comrade Morozov - any suggestions?"
			"Well, we cannot simply invade the prison without arousing suspicion. The same goes for killing this 'Dorsey' *mudak.*" Morozov sighed. "Which is why I propose a more... subtle approach. Major?"
			"The Section can handle the tricky spots, as long as the KGB can cover our tracks and give us some... plausible deniability." the scarred man nodded.
			"Well then, gentlemen." Ivan grinned. "Seems we've got our work cut out for us. And it starts with springing Connor."

			"So, this is where everyone likes to pee." Sparky began his tour, pointing at a heavily-scented part.
			Max responded by taking a leak.
			"There, you're getting it." Sparky chuckled, walking on.
			"This is where you can get water." he pointed to the bowls. "And there's a paddling pool here too."
			Max took a drink, getting slobber everywhere, before uneasily shuffling away from the pool.
			"Not a fan of swimming?" Sparky asked. He received a head tilt from Max in response.
			"Connor spends all day talking to me. And here I am, talking to actual dogs. Ugh." Sparky sighed. He led Max on, showing him around. They ended up at the fence at the back.
			"And here's where I like to mope around a lot." he finished, lying down. Max laid down beside him.
			"You're pretty clingy, you know." Sparky noted. "But, I guess we can't all be alphas."
			He tilted his head, as an Alaskan Malamute, the top dog before Sparky showed up, trotted past. It bowed its head respectfully.
			"Good boy. Sit?" Sparky replied. It did so.
			"Roll over." Again, it complied.
			"Good boy." Sparky grinned. He turned to face Max.
			"It's not been a complete waste of time here. I've learned that dogs can get the gist of what I'm telling them." he shrugged. "I suppose, that's what *I* look like to humans. Ugh, I can't wait to get out so I can tell Connor about that."
			At that, he spotted a fight between two chihuahuas.
			"OI! You two! Pipe down!" he barked. Both immediately shook, and licked each other quickly, as if to say "Okay, we're friends now, see?"
			"Ah, I suppose there's some perks to being here." Sparky grinned. "Respect, power... and all the girls in heat a dog could want."
			Max panted slightly, as if he was laughing.
			"Not that I do that, mind you. One of them kept shoving her butt in my face, but... it felt wrong. I mean, I'm like a full-on person, and she's just a dog. You know?"
			Max let out a small boofing noise.
			"You know, it'd be great if the one person who can truly communicate with me wasn't locked in his *own* cage right now." Sparky sighed. "Ugh, I miss 217. She made pen time fun. Maybe Whiplash could come visit me."
			Max tilted his head.
			"Oh, 217's my sister." he explained. "She's... missing. I want to save her, but we haven't found anything yet. And Whiplash tried to kill my best friend, but she's on our side now. It's a long story... and you're a dog."
			He sighed again, then sniffed Max.
			"You really do smell familiar, you know... wait a minute."
			He sniffed again.
			"You smell like that detective-man! The one Connor knows!"
			He licked Max in the face.
			"If you're here, that means both of our alphas are in the same cage. Ugh, why can't I just rescue them?!"
			He took a deep breath, and looked over the fence.
			"No..." he whispered. Max tilted his head.
			"No!" he barked, startling the dogs. They all looked up at him.
			"I'm fed up of being stuck in this big cage!" he shouted, marching in front of them. "Connor rescued me from my prison, and I can't rescue him! But you know what? That's okay, because I can still carry on our mission! I can fight, too!"
			Alison looked out at the scene.
			"What the hell is he doing?" she chuckled, bemused.
			He turned to face the fence, and wiggled his butt, getting ready to pounce. He turned to face Max.
			"Hey, Max? Watch this. See, your human might be a detective, but mine... is a superhero."
			Sparky leapt, careening 10 feet into the air. He effortlessly landed on the other side of the fence. The dogs started howling in shock.
			Max simply barked once.
			"I'll take that as a 'Go Sparky! Go Sparky'" he snarked, before rushing off.
			Alison looked back outside, just as Sparky ran to the hills.
			"Oh, fuck..." she gasped.

		Gathering Storm

	Tyrants
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was your average evening in Belson.
			That is, the weather was grim, the mood was grimmer, and a young man was dragged into an alleyway by a mugger.
			"You know how this goes! Give me your fucking money!" he snapped.
			The young man trembled, and put his hands together. "I-I don't have any money! I swear!"
			The mugger laughed, and drew a switchblade. "You sure about that?"
			The man closed his eyes. "O-our father, who art in h-heaven... hallowed b-be thy name..."
			A punch to the gut brought the man out of his prayer.
			"Don't worry, mate. No God's gonna come and save you."
			With that, the air trembled. The sound of a deep, low, bestial growl.
			"Who's there?!" the thug turned, pointing out his knife. "Show yourself!"
			With that, two bright yellow eyes glowed in the shadows. Wolf eyes.
			"W--what the fuck..." the mugger whispered, and then--POUNCE.
			Sparky knocked the mugger flying, and barked right in his face. The mugger soiled himself. Sparky grimaced at the smell, and released him. As the mugger ran away, he turned to face the young man.
			"J-Jesus?" he asked. "Is that you?"
			Sparky tilted his head. "Who's that?"
			The young man bowed his head, and ran away wordlessly.
			Sparky sat there for a moment, letting the wind blow his fur. He sighed, and scaled a wall, watching the city from a rooftop.
			His city. His home.

			"Woo!" Bea cheered, bringing over a tray of shots.
			Amy grinned halfheartedly, as did Chloe. They took their drinks, and downed them.
			"Hey... thanks for this, Bea." Amy began. "I know things are tough, and me and Chloe are going through it..."
			"I am, too." she smiled softly. "I miss them too. But I can't do anything to help them yet. I *can* try and help you guys feel a little better, so... that's what I'll do."
			Amy blushed slightly, sipping her cola. Then, she felt her phone ring.
			"Hang on, it's my boss." she said.
			"Ooh, put it on speaker - I wanna hear all the mischief Sparky's been up to." Bea grinned.
			"Me too!" Chloe smiled warmly.
			Amy chuckled, answering. "Hey, Alison! Everything okay?"
			"Amy - I'm so sorry." she began. "Sparky managed to climb the fence. I've never seen anything like it... I've been trying to find him, but I've had no luck."
			"Oh, shit..." Chloe shuddered.
			Amy rubbed her temples.
			Not yet... Not now...

			Sparky took a deep breath through his nose, letting the cold air fill his lungs. Then something shot into his ears - footsteps. He turned and snarled, only to change into a big puppy-smile.
			"Privet, chuvak." Ivan grinned, walking towards him. "I've missed you."
			"Ivan! How have you been?! Have you heard from Connor?! Is he okay?!" he asked between frantic licks.
			"Haha, hello boy!" Ivan chuckled. "Before you ask - or, if you already did - Connor's in jail at the moment. They don't know he's one of us, which means he can't break out without revealing himself."
			"Damn it!" Sparky curse-barked.
			"Indeed, bratan. I'm working on a plan to get him out - but until then, I need your help with something." Ivan continued. "I've been keeping an eye on you - good work carrying the fire while he's been gone. This next job - it's Gambit. The Chief Constable suka has deputised them - so we need to go on the offensive. Raiding their armouries should go a long way, ah?"
			"Where do we need to go?" Sparky barked affirmatively.
			"I'll take that as a yes!" Ivan grinned. "Follow me - I'm sure you won't have trouble keeping up."
			Sparky nodded, and the two sprinted away.

			Meanwhile, in Redbridge, the girls were wandering the streets.
			"Sparky!" they called out. "Where are you?!"
			"Keep that noise down!" a grumpy old woman shouted out from her bedroom window.
			"Fuck off!" Amy snapped back.
			Chloe turned to face them all, looking forlorn. "Where the hell could he have gone?"
			"He must have tried to find Connor." Amy shuddered. "Damn it, I should've known he could jump that fence..."
			"He's gotta be around here somewhere." Bea pondered. "Maybe there's somewhere important to him?"
			"Maybe he went back to your old place?" Chloe asked. "Maybe he thinks Connor's moved back in?"
			"I doubt it." Amy shrugged. "I, uh... he'll probably come back to the house, eventually. You guys go home, I'll wait for him there."
			"You sure?" asked Bea.
			"I'm sure."

			Sparky and Ivan arrived outside a run-down warehouse in Belson, now converted into an arms depot for Gambit.
			Sparky sniffed the air. "Super-Agents. Lots of them."
			Ivan likewise peered through his binoculars, and grimaced. "Got your work cut out for you, chuvak."
			He rose, rolling his shoulders.
			"Okay, here's the plan. You go in loud - maul those bastards. I'll come in through the roof, and cover you with Isabella here." he grinned, motioning at his rifle. "She and I are going to have a nice romantic evening."
			Sparky tilted his head. "Are... are you going to mate with that gun?"
			Ivan smirked. "Bark twice if you like the plan."
			Sparky barked twice, and Ivan nodded. He scaled the roof while Sparky barged in.
			Immediately, a squadron of Super-Agents opened fire. Sparky was far, far too quick for them. He darted from wall to wall, diving in and biting with enough force to crush their torsos in his jaws.
			KK-BANG!
			Ivan grinned as his bullet hit its mark. An Agent's head made a distinct *pop* sound, as the bullet sailed through.
			Sparky leapt up, grabbed one Agent's head in his mouth, and twisted in mid-air, ripping off the head and sending the body flying into another Agent.
			Then, a horrific screaming noise. An 8-foot-tall monster stomped out from a containment cell - another Giant.
			"Nevozmozhno... another one?!" Ivan muttered. "Kill him, Sparky!"

			Amy took a deep breath, standing before Riverside Repairs. She opened the door, and headed down to the basement.
			"All units - Werewolf confirmed active in Haliford Court, assaulting a Gambit depot." the police scanner began.
			"There you are..." she sighed.
			"All units, this is Oscar Bravo Five-Four. We've got a group of skinheads in Drury Lane, harassing people. Requesting officers, ASAP."
			"Belay that order. Priority One is locating and eliminating the Werewolf. All units, converge on Haliford Court."
			She scowled. A gang of racist thugs were on a rampage, and these jackbooted thugs... The city needed its hero.
			Then something else in the basement caught her eye.
			Her gaze ran over and across the Crusader suit; its blackened cerametallic carapace catching the light, while its red LEDs flickered softly.
			She walked over to it - hesitant, unsure.
			The city needed a hero.

			Sparky was happy to oblige. He lunged forwards, clamping his jaw on the Giant's arm. It responded by beating him against the ground, cracking the concrete floor.
			Shockwaves tore through his bones, but he did his best to hold on. It wasn't enough.
			The Giant spun around, backhanding him with enough force to launch him across the warehouse.
			KK-BANG!
			Isabella roared as the bullet cut into the Giant's chest - to no effect.
			"Yob tvoyu mat..." Ivan muttered, taking out the magazine and grabbing another.
			Sparky didn't wait. He dashed from the wall he'd landed in, crashing into the Giant. His teeth sliced into the freak's abdomen, ripping out chunks of hot, red meat. His claws swept and raked across the monster's legs, and he dug his heels in, morphing up the chitinous armour to encase him.
			The Giant wasn't gonna go down without a fight. It bellyflopped down, knocking the wind out of the wolf's chest. Then, it ripped a piece of rebar from the floor, and brought it down like a sledgehammer.
			He howled in agony - and fury.
			The Giant raised its boot, ready to begin stomping. But before it could manage...
			KK-BANG-*BOOM!*
			Another bullet, this one an explosive, tore into the Giant's torso and detonated inside its ribcage. It spat out blood, reached out with its arm, and collapsed.
			Sparky panted and huffed, exhausted. Ivan dropped down to the ground.
			"Khorosho, Sparky. Very, very good." he praised.
			Sparky just smiled, unable to speak. Finally, he caught his breath.

			On the third swing, the Giant's arm came off. Sparky spat it onto the ground as the Giant clutched his arm-stump in agony. 
			"I need to go back to my friends. They'll be wondering where I was." he said.
			Ivan looked at him. "Do you need to leave?"
			Sparky barked affirmatively.
			Ivan grinned. "Carry on then, tovarishch. And..." he paused. "We'll get Connor back soon. I promise."
			Sparky nodded, nuzzled Ivan's hand, and tore off into the night.
			"Tsentral'nyy, eto Sokolov." Ivan began into his earpiece. "Vragi unichtozheny."
			He cracked open a nearby crate, and saw a number of syringes - this time though, not serum. Instead, they were all labelled "XJK5."
			He stroked his beard, taking a photo.

		Ivan and Sparky solo mission
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Please, take anything you want - just don't hurt us!" the terrified young man begged, shielding his friends.
			"Aww! Look here, boys! Little man here fancies himself a martyr."
			"Happy to oblige." another Patriot grinned, brandishing a club.
			"Okay, fine - just let them go!" he pleaded.
			"No! Javier, don't!" a girl behind him cried out.
			"Her, next." the savage skinhead laughed.
			"HEY! Why don't you pick on someone your own size?!"
			They turned their heads around, and cocked their eyebrows at the sight.
			Amy stood firm in the powered exoskeleton. She stretched her arms out, as her heart beat fast.
			The thugs laughed.
			"And you're meant to be?"
			"He ain't the Werewolf, that's for sure."
			"*He's* a *she.*" she corrected, readying her fists.
			"Well, *she's* gonna get a beating." their leadder snarled, brandishing his club.
			He charged forward. Amy shifted to dodge - the suit moving faster than she expected. The club sailed through the air, slamming to the ground.
			A roar punctuated the second swing. She went to block - too late. It smashed into her helmet, and she reflexively closed her eyes in anticipation.
			The metal hummed slightly, undamaged. The club, meanwhile, had snapped in two.
			She reached up, and gripped her helm with her gauntlets, as if checking her head was still attached.
			Yep, it was. A grin of excitement cracked under her faceplate, as she sent a punch to her attacker's gut.
			"GAH-HH-HH-HH-HH-HH--!" he jerked, as electricity coursed from her gauntlet into his flesh. He fell down, twitching and with now-wet trousers.
			She gasped, pulling her hand back. Then she clenched her fists, and watched as brilliant light crackled and danced over them.
			Shock gauntlets. Damn, this was gonna be fun.
			"GET HER!" the others roared, charging in.
			She threw up her stance, and tackled the first. As she squeezed him, he screamed and shook, before a throw to the floor took him out of commission.
			A second wisely kept his distance. He had a metal bat, and was light on his feet. He quickly turned the circle, trying to outflank her.
			She took a few more strikes. The kinetic force reverberated through her suit - she could almost feel it running harmlessly over her skin.
			This was a new sensation. She was a good fighter - a very good fighter. But she was also human. Her training, her instincts - they taught her a fight with such a group was suicide.
			The cermetallic carapace disagreed. She grinned, and turned. The bat swung out, and she stopped fearing it. A quick step forward as it clanged against her chest, and a flying fist sent the skinhead tumbling down.
			Then her ears pricked up, and her blood ran cold.
			"LOOK OUT!" Javier screamed in terror.
			*Click! BANG!*
			The bullet sailed through the air. She'd never been shot before, naturally - so she froze in fear, throwing up her arms as if she could block it. Instead, it slammed right between her eyes.
			*Clang!*
			It felt like hours, before she allowed herself to reopen them. It was miliseconds. She saw the bullet bury into a wall, having harmlessly ricocheted off.
			"What... what the fuck are you?!" the gunman asked in horror.
			He was answered by a gauntlet strike, and the world went bright, then dark.
			"I'm... working on a name." she grinned. She relaxed her fists, and watched as the electric hum died down. She walked over, offering her hand to the scared citizens.
			They hesitated, but took it. To her relief, they didn't immediately convulse, but instead rose and thanked her.
			Smiling warmly, she headed off into the night.

			It turned late, now - very late. Amy trudged her way through the city, her eyes heavy and muscles aching as she crept from alley to alley.
			"Fuck..." she huffed. "Wish I could shapeshift like him..."
			Before she could groan any more, she heard a cracking noise in the air. She turned to face it, and felt a whip wrap around her neck.
			"Urk!" she gasped, grabbing for it. Too late. It folded and knotted itself into a noose, as she was hoisted in the air. She choked and coughed, dangling from a street light, as her hooded attacker held the other end tight.
			"Oh, you bastards are getting brave, aren't you?" Olivia snarled. "Sending a Crusader unit, out in the open?"
			She tried to say something - to beg, maybe - but could only spit and gag.
			Olivia drew her knife, and used it to pin the rope to the ground.
			"I'll leave you here. Let it be a lesson to your masters - just because Connor's not here, doesn't mean you can fuck with our city."
			"*C-Connor!*" she pleaded, gripping the rope and doing all she could to get a little more oxygen. She felt the air rush out of her lungs, and struggle to come in, as Olivia's eyes flexed with power.
			It was getting dark now. Blurry. Amy kicked the lightpost, hoping to break free.
			*KK-BANG!*
			The bullet shot through the rope, and Amy slammed to the ground. She choked, spat, and caught her breath.
			Olivia turned, her bowstring drawn with a gleaming arrow.
			"Dobryy vecher, damy. Chto u nas tut?" Ivan grinned, slinging Isabella back around his shoulder.
			"Sokolov." Olivia nodded curtly. "You in the business of rescuing Crusaders, now?"
			He sighed. "Show her."
			Amy coughed again, and took off her helmet. She shook her hair free, and rose to her feet.
			"Amy Zhao. Connor's sister." he chuckled.
			"Oh." Olivia's eyes widened. "I, uh..."
			"Nice to meet you properly, Amy." Ivan grinned. "I think you'll find that suit is private property."
			"Hey, me and Connor share everything." she smirked, now breathing more steadily.
			Olivia bowed her head. "I know Connor. He, uh--"
			"Oh, you're the psychic dominatrix, right?" Amy gasped. "Uh, I--I mean..."
			"*That's* how he described me? Oh, he's in so much trouble..." she snarked. "Sorry about that, I... I thought you were one of them."
			"I'll get the suit customised a little, just for future." Ivan sighed. "As in, Connor's future. You need to put that suit back where you found it."
			"But why? I can help out. Don't tell me the city doesn't need it."
			"If Connor found out you were doing this, and you got hurt... he'd never forgive himself. Or us." Ivan shook his head.
			Amy sighed. "Are you gonna tell him?"
			Ivan looked away, stroking his beard.
			"Tell you what. Put the suit back, and leave it there. We all go home tonight. Connor doesn't need to know his sister went out on vigilante duty - or that Whiplash nearly killed her."
			"Yeah... definitely keep the last part schtum." Olivia nodded grimly.
			"Deal." Amy chuckled. She put the helmet back on, and the three parted ways.

			The midnight moon illuminated the city, as Amy - now in her civilian clothes - came in through the front door. Immediately, she was pounced upon by Sparky.
			"Amy! Where did you go?! Is everything okay?" he asked between frantic licks.
			"Hah, hey buddy..." she chuckled. "Please don't disappear like that again. Or at least next time... can you wait until you're not in daycare?"
			He nodded, before going back to licking. She giggled, lying down. The two snuggled warmly, and fell asleep splayed out on the sofa.

		Enter, Stunlocke
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It had been a week since the crackdown. Connor was laid on the top bunk of the bed, as Slater was timidly lying on his bunk, his mouth still bruised and his teeth still gone.
			A knock at the door.
			"Barrett." the officer began. "Visitor."
			Connor's head perked up. "Who?"
			"I don't fuckin' know. Go see them, or don't." the officer dismissively replied.
			Connor sighed, and hopped from his bunk to the ground. He left the cell with the guard, and was seated in a white room.

			"Privet, tovarishch." Ivan grinned as he walked in.
			"Oh, thank god..." Connor breathed out in relief. "How did you manage..."
			"MI5 still owe us for Hughes." Ivan grinned, taking a seat.
			"I should kill child traffickers more often, then." Connor quipped.
			"I think that's what got you into this mess." Ivan smirked. "Dorsey's launched his retaliation, it seems."
			"The fuckin' monster." Connor growled.
			"You're not wrong there. I managed to do some digging of my own."
			"And what did you find?"
			"His underling, DCC Branson, has taken direct charge of the investigation into the traffickers. And coincidentally, all of the evidence that could potentially implicate him has vanished. From victim testimony to frozen condoms the traffickers were keeping as blackmail. Normally, such a move would be a blatant giveaway - but the chaos of his crackdown has caused it to go unnoticed."
			"So... you're saying he's done all this, to cover up..." Connor shuddered.
			"Da. He's an izvrashchennyy ublyudok, as we say back home. And more - he's deputised Gambit. He's got them patrolling the streets, turning a blind eye to the Patriots - and to Paladin."
			Connor's face creased. "Then he's a dead man."
			"Agreed, bratan." Ivan nodded. "But you're not killing anyone locked up in here. And as I'm sure you figured, you can't use your powers to escape."
			Connor sighed, and looked down. "How have things been while I've been gone?"
			"You're not the only superhero in town, bratan." Ivan chuckled. "Let's just say, there's been a drop in murders by blade - and a corresponding rise in murders by rifle, arrow, and claw."
			Connor smirked. "I heard through the grapevine there was another one of those big fuckers. You and Sparky took it down, I'm guessing?"
			"He's a very good boy." Ivan grinned. "But we could use you back. Lucky for you, your handsome Russian mentor has escaped a gulag in his time."
			Connor chuckled. "You watch too many spy flicks."
			Ivan laughed jovially. "It's true! Every KGB operative has to at least once."
			"What, as part of your training?"
			"Nyet, because we inevitably get accused of treason at least once and have to clear our names." Ivan giggled.
			"When I get out of here, I'm gonna tie you to a chair, pin your eyelids open, and make you watch that movie until you hate it to your core." Connor snarked.
			Ivan grinned. "No force on heaven or Earth could make me hate Red Rebellion. But to the point... I have a plan for you."
			He revealed his prize - a schematic of the prison. Specifically highlighted were the access points to the roof.
			"How the hell did you smuggle that in here?" Connor titled his head.
			"I didn't stuff it up my *zhopa,* if that's what you're asking." he grinned. "One small problem - this place has a lot more CCTV than I expected. You'll need to be wary."
			Connor leant back, and stroked his chin. "Actually... I think I might have an answer to that."

			A few hours had passed, and Connor sat in the prison yard, mind elsewhere.
			Tommy and Vince came over.
			"Who came to visit?" Tommy asked.
			"A friend of mine. He's with the KGB." Connor explained.
			Vince chuckled. "You getting out of here, then?"
			"Yeah..." Connor sighed. "But... I can't get yous two out. They'd scour the whole city for you."
			The two men nodded in understanding.
			"What's the plan then?" Tommy asked.
			"I'm still working on that." Connor shrugged. "But I'm doing it tonight."
			"The reason I ask is..." Tommy began. "Can you spring Trey and Shannon too?"
			Connor tilted his head.
			"It's my fault they got nicked. I should have said no when they asked for the jobs..." Tommy lamented. "Besides, they're small fry - like the cops think you are."
			Connor nodded. "You're right... I can spring them too."
			Vince looked on, beaming with pride.
			"Once you're out of here, what will you do?" he asked.
			"I'm gonna find this Dorsey fella. I've got evidence that he's involved with the freaks I'm after. I don't think he knows who I am - I can use that. Once he's taken down, I'll do what I can to get them to let us go."
			"Let you go." Vince corrected. "I've been sentenced already."
			Connor sighed sadly. "I can break you out afterwards."
			"No." Vince said firmly. "I'm not having you jeopardise yourself like that. Take down that Dorsey, and get yourself free."
			Connor hesitated, but nodded.
			"You know..." Vince grinned. "I know it's my worst nightmare, having you in jail too... but I'm glad we got to spend this time together."
			"Me too..." Connor smiled, hugging him.

			That night, Connor was pacing in his cell, thinking long and hard.
			"Will you sit down or something?!" Slater snapped. Connor turned and gripped Slater's nose in his hand, breaking it.
			"Got your nose." he teased, as Slater groaned in agony. He went to the cell door, before morphing some lockpicks, picking the lock, and heading into the complex.
			He arrived outside Shannon's cell. He struggled with the lock, but the door opened.
			Shannon crouched down, and joined him. The pair sneaked through, and made it to the security room. There, Connor picked the lock, and creeped inside.
			The half-asleep guard stirred upon Connor's entry, but was silenced by a lightning-fast chokehold. He struggled, then went limp. A strike to the temple knocked him out cold. As he stumble foreard, Connor crouched down, letting the man fall almost gracefully atop his shoulders. He carried him over to a secure cabinet, restrained him with his own cuffs, and locked him away.
			"Damn... can you teach me how to do that?" Shannon asked in awe, sitting at the computer.
			"Pull this hack off, I'll do anything you like." he nodded. A moment passed, before he cleared his throat. "Within--Within reason, I mean."
			"You break a girl's heart." she snarked, before cracking her fingers and getting to work. In short order, she'd disabled the CCTV, deleted all footage, and put the cameras on a playback loop.
			"Child's play." she grinned.
			"You're not too bad at this sidekick malarky, you know." Connor smirked. He grabbed the officer's keys, and rushed to Trey's cell, opening the door.
			Trey shot up. "Connor? Shan? What are you--"
			Connor jingled the keys in the air. "Let's go." he grinned.
			Without hesitation, Trey leapt out of bed, and the trio rushed off. They made it to a maintenance hatch. Connor used the keys to open it, and the two climbed to the rooftop.
			The rain was pelting down, obscuring their presence. The trio crouched down low to avoid slipping, and crawled to the edge.
			The watchtower's lights were focused on the prison yard, not the roof. Connor cheered silently.
			"Fuck, I..." Trey began, realising their plan. Down from them was the barbed wire fence.
			"I can't do it." he continued, panting for breath.
			"M-me neither..." Shannon stammered.
			Connor turned, and hugged them both. They returned the embrace.
			"I can't do it, bro, I... I can't..." Trey gasped.
			"Trey, Shannon... my friends..." Connor smiled softly. "I'm sorry."
			"Wait, no no no..." their eyes widened in realisation, as Connor lifted them both over his shoulders, and stood ready.
			"Connor, no, don't, please!" Trey begged. Shannon closed her eyes tightly. Connor grinned cheekily, and sprinted off the rooftop, jumping over the edge.
			"FUUUUUUCK!" Trey screamed in panic, as Connor sailed through the air. His prison clothes tore as his glider ripped out from his back. They gently touched down.
			He placed his comrades on the ground.
			"Is it over?" Trey asked timidly, opening one eye. Connor laughed, and patted him on the back.
			Then, an alarm sounded, shaking them.
			"Let's go!" Connor barked. The trio sprinted away into the night.

		The Great Escape
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The trio made it to Redbridge under cover of darkness. They arrived at Wilbur Avenue - Connor's road.
			They sneaked to the back garden. Connor hopped over the fence, and unbolted the gate, letting Trey and Shannon in.
			"I need to take parkour lessons with you, bro." Trey grinned.
			Immediately, Sparky ran to the back door, saw the three, and howled in excitement. Connor opened the door, and Sparky launched into him, knocking them both a few feet backwards into the grass.
			"CONNOR! You're okay! You're safe! Where have you been?! Why hadn't you broken out yet?! How did you escape?!" he barked between licks.
			Connor smiled, and hugged Sparky tight. "Hey, buddy... I missed you so much..."
			"Don't ever do that again!" he ordered. Connor smiled, and nuzzled him.
			Amy woke up to this, and rushed to the garden. She looked like she'd seen ghosts.
			She pounced on Connor, holding him tightly, before pulling Trey in too.
			"You guys... you're here..." she whispered between tears of joy.
			Shannon waved awkwardly. "Um, hi! I'm new."
			Sparky rushed over to her. "Hey, Shannon! It's so good to see you again! Does this mean the crew is back together?"
			She smiled warmly. "Haha, hello doggie..."

			The group sat down in the living room, sipping coffees. Connor, Trey, and Shannon were changed out of their prison uniforms.
			"How did you do it?" Amy asked, grinning.
			"Having a friend in the KGB goes a long way." Connor grinned. "The alarms went off - by now they'll know we escaped. They'll probably come here. You should go back to your place. Trey, Shan - we'll find somewhere to camp out."
			Shannon looked at him quizzically. "Shan?"
			"Fuck." Connor chuckled. "Now *I'm* doing it." Trey laughed.
			"Go to Riverside." Amy nodded. "I stashed your stuff there, before the cops came knocking. All your computers, and that super-suit-thingy."
			"Super-suit?" Shannon tilted her head.
			"Oh, you'll love that." Trey grinned.
			"Riverside's perfect." Connor beamed. "Like, even after this is all sorted - it makes perfect sense as a new HQ. I mean, we all literally work there."
			"One thing at a time." Trey chuckled. "But yeah - I wouldn't mind fixing cars in a superhero hideout."
			"What will you do now?" Amy asked.
			"I'm going after the cops." he nodded. "The police chief - we've confirmed he's with the Optimates. I can't attack him directly - but Ivan will know of an underling we can put the screws on."
			"Damn..." Trey muttered. "When do we head out?"
			"Not we." Connor cut in. "Shannon, I want you on the computer, finding out what you can. Trey, you can use the tools in the garage to set up a barricade. Me and Sparky will come and go from the windows upstairs.
			"It's a plan." Shannon nodded.
			Amy rose, and hugged him, then hugged Trey. Shannon stood awkwardly to the side, but they pulled her in for a hug as well. She hugged back, enjoying the warmth.
			"Be safe..." Amy whispered.

			The trio made it over to Riverside. Connor flicked on the lights, but nothing happened. He cursed, and hit them - suddenly they flicked to life.
			"That's right, fear my wrath." he snarked. Trey and Shannon chuckled.
			"There's sleeping bags in the break room." he added. "Get yourselves comfy, I'll be back late. If the cops come, you can call me on my earpiece - I'll swing right back, and they'll be dangling off of street lights in no time."
			Trey nodded. "Just... be careful, okay?"
			"I will, bro." Connor smiled, embracing him.
			With Connor and Sparky gone, they sat down in the basement.
			"You okay?" he asked her.
			"I'm alright..." she sighed. He pulled her in for a hug, and she squeezed him tightly.
			"It won't be long." he said firmly. "Connor's gonna sort this, and we'll be free again. You're never going back to that prison."
			"I hope not." she smiled. "I bricked my laptop before they arrested me, but there's always the off-chance they could find something incriminating."
			"Don't worry... I bet once 'the Werewolf' starts getting involved in our case, they'll have bigger fish to fry than you or me." he grinned.
			She chuckled. "Worst case scenario, we're on the run from the law. Well, I'm cool with that."
			Trey laughed. "You're tough, you know?"
			"I don't feel tough." she sighed. "I... I've only been a week without any HRT, and I'm already feeling like shit."
			Trey gave her a sympathetic look. "Does it impact your mood?"
			"Kind of - it's hormonal." she explained. "But the worst part is... I can *feel* my body changing. Twisting. Like I'm... like it's becoming male again."
			"I'm sorry..." he sighed, hugging her. "I can't imagine how that feels... if you want, we can sneak to yours and grab some?"
			"No - it's too risky." she shook her head. "We're better off camping here for the night."
			Trey nodded, and got to work securing the door, while she hopped on the computer.
			It wasn't long before they exchanged looks of boredom. And something else.

		Meetup at Connor's/Riverside
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was a calm evening in Upper Caldermouth. Especially in the home of Deputy Chief Constable Peter Branson, who was resting on his sofa.
			Before he could slip fully into sleep, the door caved in. Connor, Sparky, and Ivan stormed through, costumed up.
			Branson rose to his feet, but Ivan punched him in the face, knocking him to the ground.

			Branson then awoke up tied to a chair in the kitchen.
			Connor was filling a jug with water. He turned to face Ivan. "Glass?"
			Ivan grinned. "Yes please."
			Connor passed him a glass of water. He put down the filled jug at the edge of the counter.
			"Peter Branson. Dorsey's second in command." he began. "You covered up what he did to those kids. Why?"
			"L-listen, you kill me, they'll just replace me with someone else." Branson stuttered.
			Connor hit him, shutting him up.
			"I know." he sighed. "If I were here to kill you, you'd already be dead. What we're after..."
			"... is information." Ivan grinned.
			"I--I'll tell you anything."
			"No, no. Not like that. You'll just lie." Connor grinned viciously.
			Ivan jabbed him with a small syringe, marked "XJK5."
			"What is that?" Branson asked, his expression turning more vacant.
			"A gift from our friends in Morland." Ivan smirked.
			"Now..." Connor turned to Ivan. "I'll be good cop, you be bad cop."
			"You know I can hear you?" Branson snarked.
			Connor responded by kicking Branson's chair to the ground. He pushed a rag over Branson's face, and poured the jug of water onto him. Branson screamed and blubbed, kicking frantically.
			Connor stopped, and lifted the chair back up. Branson choked for breath.
			"Now..." he growled. "Imagine what Bad Cop will do if you don't start talking."
			Branson looked up at Ivan, who had revealed a set of torture implements.
			"The thing about torture... it's useless. A man in pain will say anything to make it stop, even - especially - lie. But I wonder... if that serum might work? If your only options are to tell the truth... or suffer until you spit it out by accident?"
			"Okay, okay... what do you want from me?" he spluttered.
			"Why are you cracking down in the city?" Connor demanded.
			"To stop Naismith from finding out we're--wait, I..." Branson gasped. "No, I... I wasn't going to say that."
			"The serum disrupts your creative process, and amplifies your memory recall." Ivan explained. "Continue."
			Silence.
			"No? Okay, bad cop - do it."
			Ivan smiled menacingly, and pulled out a hammer. He slammed it next to Branson's head, the noise echoing in his eardrum.
			"We were just going to get the answers, but... it's going to be a little more detailed, now."
			"TALK!" Connor screamed, his eyes aflame.
			"NO! PLEASE, GOD, NO!"
			Ivan gripped his ankle tightly.
			"This little piggy went to market..."
			*CRUNCH!*
			"AAAAGH!"
			"We can do this all night. TALK!"
			"This little piggy stayed at home..."
			*CRUNCH!*
			"OH GOD, PLEASE! STOP THIS!"
			"Talk, or we'll break every bone in your body!"
			"This little piggy had roast beef..."
			*CRUNCH!*
			"I CAN'T! PLEASE! I'M BEGGING YOU!"
			"Who are you working for?!"
			"This little piggy had none..."
			*CRUNCH!*
			Ivan ran the hammer's claw almost delicately over his skin. He grinned savagely.
			"And *this* little piggy went--"
			"THE OPTIMATES!" Branson finally howled.
			Connor released his shoulders. "We're listening."
			"Why did you cover up Dorsey's crimes?!" Ivan barked.
			"Because I... I was implicated too." he admitted. He did his best to lie, but couldn't.
			Connor's lip curled in disgust. "How do you know about the Optimates?"
			"They contacted us. Me and Dorsey. They pulled strings, and got us from Superintendents to where we are now."
			"Why? Why you?"
			"Because with everything we'd done, we'd be easy to control."
			"Where's the evidence now? What did you do with it?"
			"We... we..."
			Ivan didn't even preface it this time - he just brought the hammer down on the remaining toe. Then moved to the other foot, and smashed another. And another. And another.
			"HESITATE AGAIN, AND I'LL RIP OFF YOUR BALLS AND STUFF THEM DOWN YOUR THROAT!" he roared.
			"I'M SORRY! I'M SORRY!" Branson begged. "I stashed it here! We figured we'd keep it here for a few days, then get rid of it once the heat died down!"
			"WHERE?!"
			"UNDER THE FLOORBOARDS!" he cried out, broken.
			Connor motioned, and Sparky hooked his claws on a loose board, ripping it free.
			There it was - a lockbox. Sparky broke the lock, and opened it.
			It was all there. The crate of condoms. Seized laptops. Hard drives.
			"Please... please let me go..." Branson sobbed.
			Connor's eyes blazed red.
			"What are you thinking?" Ivan asked.
			"We get this to the only cop left who we can trust - PC Chowdhury. She gives it to the mayor, and that makes it so the Home Office can't afford to protect him anymore. Then I put my blades through his eyes."
			"And him?" Ivan gestured at Branson.
			"Oh, haven't you heard? DCC Branson was mauled to death by a wild wolf. Tragic, really."
			Sparky let out a menacing grin.
			"No... no, please! I've done all you asked!"
			"You've done a lot more than that." Sparky snarled. "Give me five minutes - I want some time with him."
			"We'll see you outside." Connor nodded grimly. He and Ivan stepped out.

			"You okay, bratan?" Ivan asked, sighing.
			"No." Connor shook his head. "I want to go and kill Dorsey right now."
			"Me too." Ivan nodded. "But we can't yet. We need to legitimise our attack first - otherwise, we risk the Optimates mobilising MI5 against you. First, we need to force them to disavow him. Then, justice."
			"I don't get it." Connor cleared his throat. "Why are the Optimates so entangled with paedos?"
			"One the one hand, because fascists and paedos are the worst people. Monsters of a feather." Ivan grimly explained. "On the other... After the end of WW2, there was a scheme - Operation Paperclip. They funnelled Nazis out of Europe and into America. One of them was a man named Oskar Dirlewanger, a brigadier in the Waffen-SS. Now, the SS liked to emulate the Vikings - especially the old 'Rape, Pillage, and Burn' tactic. Dirlewanger was particularly fond of the first part. It seems that legacy endures..."
			Connor grimaced. "Evil cunts..." he muttered.
			"We'll get them, bratan." Ivan smiled softly. "All of them."
			At that, Sparky trotted out, licking blood off of his muzzle.
			"Justice." Connor growled lowly. "Something this city's in short supply of."
			"Not for long." Sparky nodded back.

			A short while passed, as the Werewolves cooled their blood in the night air. They crawled in through Riverside's window, only to hear movement in the basement.
			Connor morphed a knife, while Sparky armoured up.
			They burst in. Immediately, Connor covered his eyes.
			"SHIT! Connor!" Trey gasped. Shannon went bright red.
			"I'm not looking, I'm not looking..." he hurriedly said.
			Sparky entered, and tilted his head.
			"So that's how humans mate!" he shrugged.
			They left the office, and in a few moments, Trey came out, re-buckling his belt. Shannon arrived too, now clothed.
			"I leave yous alone for *five* minutes..." Connor grinned.
			"Hey, call it 'Thank fuck we're not in prison anymore'" Trey protested, grinning.
			Connor chuckled. "Anyway - Shannon, fancy helping me with these?" he asked, revealing the stolen hard drives.
			"Sure thing." she smiled, relaxing.
			"Where'd you get those?" asked Trey.
			"DCC Branson had an unfortunate accident tonight." Connor shrugged. "He was a paedo, and connected to the Optimates. Shannon, I need you to decrypt these drives, and make a copy for our use. Then, I'll hand it over."
			"How does that work?" Shannon tilted her head. "They're not gonna go after their boss."
			"I know one last person there we can trust." he sighed. "And if they don't, I'll just burn the station to the ground."
			Shannon nodded, and worked on the laptop. She managed to get in.
			"Oh, by the way..." Connor turned pale. "Don't look at any images."
			"Why not?" she asked.
			"Just... take my word for it." he shuddered.
			She paused, then went pale herself, before nodding.
			In a short amount of time, they confirmed the information they needed. The copy was made, and she returned the drive to the lockbox.
			"What's in the bag?" she asked.
			"Uh... used condoms. They have DNA in them." he sighed.
			"Jesus Christ..." Trey muttered. "Only we could end up entangled in some billionaire, fascist, paedo conspiracy."
			Connor chuckled. "Sunrise is in 3 hours. So I'd better get these to them ASAP."
			"No, Connor, you're a Werewolf. It's Vampires who have to worry about sunrise, silly!" Trey snarked.
			Connor smirked.	"Don't worry, I'll be a while. Yous two can pick up where you left off."
			Their cheeks went rosy red, as the Werewolves left.

			Nina awoke to a knock on her door. She cautiously opened it.
			There stood Connor, decked out in his costume and holding the box.
			"PC Chowdhury." he said. "Got some evidence for you."
			She went pale, but invited him inside.

		Maiming Branson
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The next morning, in the Drackhill city hall, Helen Ward was working on her desk.
			There was a knock on the door.
			"Come in." she motioned.
			Nina and a second person entered the room.
			"Ma'am. Sorry to barge in like this." she began. "I have some concerns I need to raise. PC Nina Chowdhury, and this is FI Lucas Rogerson."
			Ward leant back. "I recognise your name from somewhere... were you working with that Naismith?"
			"Yes, ma'am."
			"You're working the Werewolf case?"
			"Correct, ma'am."
			"Then, shouldn't you be bringing your concerns to the Chief Constable?" she tilted her head.
			"Well ma'am... you're the mayor, which means ultimately, I work for you, not him. And my concerns are... they're in relation to the Chief." she clenched.
			Ward leant back. "Go on."
			"Firstly, I have a number of serious concerns regarding Chief Constable Dorsey's professional conduct. He has repeatedly made efforts to stonewall high-priority investigations, including but not limited to the traffickers last week."
			Ward rubbed her temples. "It's... concerning, to say the least."
			"I wish that was it, ma'am." Nina sighed. "Following the attack, we interviewed a child who had been trafficked there. She explained that her captors froze the condoms of their 'clientele' to use as blackmail. After the interview, she saw a photo of the Chief in the hallway, and had a breakdown, screaming that he had hurt her."
			Ward frowned, deeply disturbed.
			She nodded to Rogerson.
			"FI Lucas Rogerson, ma'am." he began. "Normally, we'd analyse the DNA deposits and check for any matches already on the system. But unfortunately, both they and a number of seized hard drives went missing the same night as the crackdown against RS."
			"Are you saying..."
			"It gets even worse, ma'am." Nina cut in. "The Werewolf, he... He came by my home late last night, holding a bag of objects he claimed to have seized from DCC Branson's home. Including the missing evidence."
			"What?" Ward looked up, shocked.
			"Following from this, we analysed the DNA deposits urgently. Several came back matching forensic elimination samples provided by currently serving police officers." Rogerson shuddered. "We also analysed the hard drives and found several... indecent images. Metadata confirms these were intended to be used as blackmail by the traffickers."
			"Shit..." Ward sighed. "And... why have you come to me?"
			"To be blunt, ma'am? As the mayor, the Chief Constable is accountable to you. And we need your approval to take him down." Nina grimaced.
			Ward leant back in shock.
			"Ma'am..." Nina sighed. "We don't know who we can trust. We don't know who in the rank-and-file could even be trusted to arrest those implicated. We need... We need outside help."
			"What are you suggesting?" Ward asked, eyebrow raised.
			"We release those captured in the crackdown in Redbridge." Nina began. "I hate to say it, but I'd rather have them running the show than the Patriots moving in. And also... we make contact with the Werewolf."
			"You want to enlist a serial killer?" Ward tilted her head.
			"Ma'am..." Nina grimaced. "Do you want to know how many executive officers are implicated?"
			"How many?" Ward asked, bracing herself.
			"Of the 25 officers ranked at Superintendent and above, 21 are implicated. That includes all 4 chief supers, all 3 ACC's, DCC Peter Branson, and 13 Superintendents." Nina said through gritted teeth. "In other words, the only executive officers not implicated are DCC Paul Tulloch, and 2 Superintendents."
			"How?!" Ward gasped.
			"Dorsey's filled those posts with loyalists. Clearly, he wasn't the only one who benefitted from that relationship..." Nina shuddered. "The captured blackmail material confirms all of them were involved."
			Ward again rubbed her temples.
			"We need a complete clean slate." she finally said.
			"Ma'am?"
			Before Ward could explain, armed officers burst in.
			"ARMED POLICE!" they roared.
			"Stand down!" Ward barked, only to be dragged to her knees.
			"Ms. Ward, Ms. Chowdhury, Mr. Rogerson, we are detaining you under the powers of the Terrorism Act, due to suspicion you are collaborating with proscribed organisations or individuals."
			"State the grounds!" Ward demanded.
			"Legally, we don't need to." the officer sneered, dragging them away.

		Dorsey Exposed/Enter, Ward
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Bad news, bratan." Ivan said over the phone.
			"What now..." Connor sighed, exhausted. The hero of Drackhill had had a long night - and all he truly wanted now was some kip.
			"Dorsey's had the mayor detained under the Terrorism Act."
			"What?!" Connor tilted his head. "He can't do that! Surely he can't actually do that?!"
			"Dorsey's declared you to be a terrorist. That means anyone who associates with you counts as a terrorist, as does anyone who associates with them. PC Chowdhury received evidence from you, and mayor Ward heard her out. That's all he needs to detain them for the time being."
			Connor snarled. "Fuck it, then."
			"Connor..." Ivan began. "No killing, alright? You gotta save the mayor first."
			"We'll see." Connor growled, morphing his costume and jumping down onto the street below.
			He rushed away to a specific house, and knocked on the door urgently.
			Ella Roberts answered, and gasped upon seeing him.
			"Oh, I--Mr. Werewolf, I--" she stammered.
			"Hi, Ella. Your boyfriend about?" he asked urgently.
			Zack popped his head around. "You! Is everything alright?"
			"You still have access to the EBC building here?"
			"I work there, so yeah."
			"I need a favour."
			"Anything."

			"...This news of course, puts the recent crackdowns in a whole new light." Zack finished his broadcast. Connor watched from his phone screen, grinning. He raised his hand to his earpiece.
			"Alright, Sparky - keep guard of the EBC building. If Dorsey's men come to retaliate, take them down. If Gambit or Paladin show up, kill them."
			"Got it." Sparky growled excitedly. "What will you do?"
			"Smash the state."
			He looked over from his rooftop perch, and saw a phalanx of riot police setting up fortified positions - no doubt fearing the wrath of the people.
			In truth, they should've feared *him.*
			He stretched up, and his coat shifted and morphed into the glider. He dived in, and crashed into the phalanx, sending bodies flying. He roared in pure fury, knocking man down after man down. He grabbed a rubber bullet gun, and unloaded it into the leader, leaving him broken and battered. Then, he turned to face the police station.

			Without hesitating, he burst through the glass door shoulder-first, sending shards through the air.
			"HE'S HERE! THE WEREWOLF IS HERE!" one officer barked. Connor closed the distance between them in miliseconds, snatching his rifle and swinging its butt to the man's head, knocking him to the ground.
			Three nearby officers replied by opening fire. The smoke from their guns clouded the lobby, and the muzzle flashes made visibility for the humans near-impossible. These weren't rubber bullets - this was live ammo. Their sheer terror made Connor grin, as he effortlessly dived through the haze. One bullet slammed into his ribcage, but barely broke the skin before hitting the ground, blunted.
			He grabbed the first officer's wrist, and easily snapped the bone. The officer screamed in pure agony, before Connor brought his elbow to the man's head, knocking him out cold. He delivered a haymaker to the second officer, shattering his helmet and sending him flying down to the floor. Finally, a kick to the chest of the third knocked the wind out of him, before a push kick sent him into a wall, with a noticable thud marking his fall.
			Alarms blared, the noise cutting through the chaos only barely. Gunfire and screams filled the hallways, as Connor moved like a rabid animal.
			He was a blur. Bullets whizzed past, centimeters from him - but never hitting their marks. He threw officers into the air, he knocked them down to the ground, he snapped rifles in half... nothing could stop him.
			Then, he came across a squadron of officers. Six of them, kitted out for urban warfare. Assault rifles, ballistic shields, the works. He grinned viciously under his mask.
			He was met with a hail of bullets, which he blocked by effortlessly hauling a vending machine to his front. Then, he kicked the machine, sending it flying to the squadron. They dived out of its way. Before they could regain their bearings, Connor was upon them.
			He crashed into the first, breaking several ribs. Then, he grabbed the second's legs, and swung him round, handily knocking out a third. He grabbed a nearby shield, and slammed it into the fourth's head, taking him down.
			Then he heard it.
			Click-clink--BANG!
			A flashbang grenade detonated right by him. The sound ripped through his ears, and he roared in pain and rage. He pounced on the officer who threw it, and held him aloft by the throat.
			His jaw clenched. His whole body trembled in fury. With a roar that could make a mountain quiver, he launched the offender into the nearest wall. It took all his willpower not to kill the man there and then.
			He took a moment to catch his breath. He spat out fresh blood, and clutched his torso. Then, he pushed on.
			He stormed into the holding room, and saw Nina, Rogerson, and Ward in the cells. Without a word, he kicked the door, tearing it from its hinges.
			They looked at him in horror - and awe.
			"Get out of here."
			Nina stood, and smiled slightly.

			Returning to his rooftop perch, Connor pressed his finger to his ear.
			"Ivan." he began. "Consider the state well and truly smashed."
			"Khorosho, bratan." Ivan audibly grinned. "I've just had a lovely chat with one of my counterparts in MI5. Now that your little broadcast has gone out, you and your friends' charges have been dropped, and Dorsey is an enemy of the state. I suggest you go pay him a visit."
			"Spasibo, tovarishch." Connor smiled.

			Trey stood outside his front door with Connor. He took a deep breath, and knocked.
			Phil answered, and pulled him in for an embrace.
			"My boy... My beautiful boy..." he whispered.
			Trey hugged him back. They let go of each other.
			"You're safe..." Phil whispered.
			"I'm safe..." Trey nodded. "All thanks to Connor."
			Phil turned to face him. Connor modestly shrugged.
			"I broke us both out, and made some phone calls to Tommy's friends. What with that broadcast, the charges are all dropped." he explained nonchalantly.
			Phil pulled him in for a hug. Connor smiled and accepted.
			"Come in - let's get you both something to eat." he said.
			"Yous two catch up." Connor smiled. "I, um... I've got some business to attend to."
			Trey nodded. "Stay safe, bro."
			"I will. See you at mine tonight?"
			"Absolutely." Trey smiled, hugging him. Connor left into the city.

			An hour or so had passed. Dorsey sat in his bedroom, smoking and drinking. A Super-Agent bodyguard entered the room.
			"Sir." he began. "We should prepare to evacuate."
			"Just do your duty." Dorsey responded absently. The Agent scowled and went downstairs.
			Connor stood menacingly outside. A squadron of Agents moved out, forming a line-up. Five Agents. Their eyes were deeply black-veined, indicating a level of metamorphosis beyond mere foot soldiers. These were professional monsters.
			They aimed their guns at him.
			Connor took a deep breath, and raised his arms in defiance.
			Without further ado, their guns roared and blazed. Connor ducked and shifted as well as he could, but they were far better shots than his human foes. At least 40 bullets slammed into his hide, tore past his skin, and dug into his flesh.
			With a sharp, metallic *shink,* he morphed out his blades. Time froze to a standstill as his paradrenaline spiked. He swiped out with his blades, and bullets were slashed in half. He continued this motion, sending projectiles ricocheting off into the air. One bounced from his blade into an Agent's thigh, eliciting a roar of pain. Connor couldn't help but grin.
			Finally, they ran out of bullets. They dropped their guns, and drew black machetes.
			"About time." Connor growled in anticipation.
			The first Agent lunged. Connor met him head-on, slicing at his legs. Then, he drove his blade through the Agent's gut, and he twisted. The body slumped to the ground, as blood poured out.
			As this happened, a second Agent, faster than the first, sank his blade into Connor's back. Connor roared - not just in pain, but in feral excitement - and spun with superhuman speed, shaking the first one's corpse from his blade. He swept his blades outwards, taking the second's head clean off.
			The third came from behind, cutting low. Connor dropped, as the backs of his legs tore open. The Agent went for a decaptiation strike, only for Connor to block so hard, the incoming machete shattered. The Agent fell backwards, and Connor drove his blades through his lungs, before turning with the body, and launching it at the remaining two. Then, he leapt into the air, blood spraying from his ripped calves, and descended like the blade of a guillotine.
			Both heads slammed into the nearby wall, making a sickening *thud* noise. Connor rose to his feet, his eyes flashing red in agony.
			He ascended the stairs, blood dripping from him. He wasn't just the Werewolf - he was a reaper, here to claim his due.
			He made it to Dorsey's door. He kicked it in, and snarled like a rabid dog.
			Dorsey didn't hesitate. He looked at the bloodied, raging berserker, and pulled out a pistol. He put it in his mouth, and pulled the trigger.
			His brains painted the headboard and wall. Connor spat blood and bile at the corpse.

			Zack's now-familiar voice came over the television.
			"...the extent of which is still being investigated. Several injuries have been reported, but no fatalities have yet resulted from the attack on the station. However, the assault on the Chief Contable's home has resulted in at least six confirmed deaths. Drackhill Valley Police has so far not issued any comment, however unconfirmed rumours point to Mayor Helen Ward leading the charge against this conspiracy. So far, over 29 arrests have been carried out. Several high-ranking officers have gone AWOL, and many rank-and-file police officers have tendered their resignations, either due to disgust at their leadership, or fear of being caught up in the sweep..."
			The popping of a champagne bottle was audible. Tommy grinned like a Cheshire cat.
			"Viva la Werewolf!" he cheered to the empty room.

			Back in prison, Vince sighed softly as he watched the report on the prison TV.
			"Well done, lad." he smiled proudly. "Well done."

			The door rang as it opened. Outside HMP Wickermast, Nina stood, holding Max on lead.
			Naismith came out, and rushed to both. He hugged Nina, then embraced Max, who covered him in slobber.
			"Thank you, Nina... thank you..." he smiled.
			"Just doing my job, sir." she smiled back.
			"No. It's a damn sight more than that." he nodded. "I owe you my life."

			A short rest had been allowed, and the gang relaxed in Connor's living room.
			A knock at the door. Connor and Trey smiled, and answered.
			Immediately, Chloe embraced Connor, and Bea embraced Trey. The hugs were held for a good while, before they broke apart. Chloe hugged Trey, and Bea hugged Connor. The group all sat down in the living room.

			"How the hell did you guys get out?" asked Bea.
			"Connor bust us out." Trey grinned. "He snuck out, and we scaled the walls."
			"Well, Shannon did the most important part." Connor shrugged modestly. "Trey, on the other hand, was completely useless."
			"Screw you." Trey laughed. "Oh yeah - Chloe, Bea, this is Shannon. Shannon - Chloe, Bea."
			"Hi!" she waved shyly. "I, uh--I work with Connor and Trey. In the garage."
			The girls smiled, and welcomed her with a hug.
			"We moved here for uni." Chloe began. "Thank you... thank you for getting us our friends back. We owe you one."
			"We really do." Bea smiled, before hesitating. "So, you're fugitives?"
			"No." Connor beamed. "Our arrests were ruled as unlawful, and it's not technically illegal to escape prison anyway. We cut a deal with the CPS - they drop the charges against us, and we don't sue them to kingdom come. Besides, they're a wee bit busy with getting their own house in order..."
			"So how did it happen? I mean, the police go after you guys, and then suddenly they're all getting exposed?" Chloe asked.
			"The Werewolf was involved." Trey grinned. "He personally took out the chief."
			Amy gave Connor a knowing nod of pride.
			Bea tilted her head. "Do you know something, Connor?"
			Connor hesitated. "This stays between us, yeah?"
			The gang all murmured in agreement.
			"The Werewolf owes Tommy a few favours. After what went down, I used his phone to call him. He met up with me, and then... he brought me the some evidence. Hard drives, and stuff. Shannon managed to hack into it and see what was on it. We found some... some really vile shit. And so the Werewolf leaked that to the police." he explained. He didn't like lying, but at least he was telling more truth than usual.
			"You met him face-to-face? What was he like?" Chloe asked.
			"Scary. Really scary." Connor shuffled in place.
			"So, you guys are free for now, right?" Bea began.
			"For now, for ever." Trey smiled warmly. "Have you seen the news? Half of all the police force has been either arrested or resigned. No way they're gonna come after us again."
			"Still..." Bea sighed. "You guys... you're in a gang. They could come after you again."
			"I don't reckon so..." Amy smiled. "I heard through the grapevine that RS is gonna be left alone from now on. What with them being understaffed, I reckon they'd rather have the Syndicate running the show than the Patriots moving in."
			Connor nodded, and leant back. Chloe shuffled over, and hugged him.
			"I... I was really worried about you." she began.
			"Oh, thanks!" Trey grinned. Chloe laughed.
			"I mean, the pair of you." she blushed.

		Naismith & Connor kill Dorsey

	Rebels
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			It was autumn, 2012. Chloe was sat in her bedroom. Her scar was present - and far, far worse than the present day. It looked as though someone had taken a carving knife from her left eye down to the corner of her jawbone. She stared a thousand yards ahead, her expression vacant.
			Downstairs, William was sat at the table, rubbing his temples. Catherine was reading the bible.
			Sveta came in from Oliver's bedroom. She sat down with them.
			"I'm worried about her." William finally began.
			"Of course." Sveta nodded sympathetically. "The poor girl..."
			"What good am I?" he lamented. "I--I don't know how to talk to her about it. Every time I try, she just starts crying."
			"Then let her cry." Sveta replied. "If that is what she needs, then let her. Just... be there with her."
			William nodded, smiling. "Thank you, Sveta."
			At that, Catherine scowled slightly. "We pay you for nursing, not to tell us how to raise our daughter, Ms. Popova."
			Sveta rolled her eyes out of sight.
			William's ears pricked up. He could hear Luna whimpering and pawing at the door.
			He stood, and went upstairs. He saw Luna frantically digging at the carpet.
			"Luna, enough!" he snapped. She whined, and carried on anyway.
			He sighed, and knocked on the door. "Chloe, darling? Can... Can we talk?"
			Silence.
			He knocked again. Luna barked nervously.
			"Chloe? Are you in there?"
			Again, silence.
			"I'm coming in." he said, opening the door. He entered, and saw the room was empty.
			Sveta and Catherine arrived too.
			"Where has she gone now?"  Catherine sighed.
			Luna rushed to Chloe's bathroom door, and pawed at the door.
			William walked over, and knocked.
			"Chloe, darling? Are you in there?"
			Silence still.
			"I think Luna wants to see you."
			More silence.
			"I... alright, sweetheart. We'll be downstairs when you're ready to talk."
			He sighed, and left. He turned to Sveta.
			"Sveta... Can you try talking to her? She... Chloe looks up to you."
			"Of course." Sveta nodded. Catherine scoffed as the parents went downstairs.
			She walked over, and sat down by the door, giving Luna a comforting rub on the ears.
			"Chloe, dorogaya? Ty v poryadke?"
			Silence, once more.
			"Are you alright in there?"
			Again, nothing.
			"Chloe... can you please make a noise, so I know you're okay?"
			Still nothing. Luna whimpered.
			Sveta closed her eyes, tensed, and breathed out. 
			"Chloe... I'm going to come in, okay? Please don't be afraid." she called out. She pulled out her credit card, and used it to flick the lock on the door.
			She entered, and gasped. Chloe was laid on the floor, pale and unbreathing.
			"Bozhe moy!" she shrieked, pouncing on Chloe. She checked her pulse - it was barely there. 20 BPM, tops.
			Catherine and William arrived, and both turned pale at the sight.
			"Call an ambulance!" Sveta barked, beginning CPR.
			William pulled out his phone, and did so. Catherine walked in the bathroom, pale as a ghost. She looked down at the counter.
			Empty pill bottles - anticonvulsants, antidepressants, vitamin c, ibuprofen... her entire insulin needle had been used up, too. And next to it all...
			A pregnancy test. Two lines.
			She looked at it, looked over at Chloe, and her eyes flared in rage.

			Chloe awoke with a sharp intake of breath through her nostrils. She went to speak, but strained against a tube in her throat.
			Sveta rushed over. "Shh, dorogaya... don't speak."
			She looked around. She was in a hospital bed. William and Catherine were stood there. William looked forlorn. Catherine looked away.
			A nurse walked over, and removed the tube. Chloe coughed, and took a deep breath.
			"Hi, Chloe." the nurse began. "How are you feeling?"
			Chloe closed her eyes, and tears rolled out of them.
			"I-I'm c-c-cold." she stammered.
			The nurse smiled sympathetically, and pulled the blanket up for her. She held out her finger.
			"Can you follow my finger?" she asked. Chloe did so.
			The nurse shook her head. "Are you struggling to see?"
			"N-no..." she whispered.
			Sveta cut in. "Chloe can sometimes experience mild strabismus when stressed - caused by VS."
			The nurse nodded. "Ah, right - thank you." She left the room.
			William walked over. "Chloe, darling... why did you do this?"
			Chloe looked away, and sobbed. William sighed, and turned to Sveta.
			"Thank you..." he began. "You saved her life."
			"I..." Sveta paused. "I did what anyone would have done."
			William smiled. "Listen, Sveta... I know that my father is your patient, not her, but... I would really appreciate it if you could... supervise... Chloe at night. To make sure this doesn't happen again."
			"Of course." Sveta nodded.
			William nodded gratefully. "I'll call the agency. We'll pay the overnight rate, of course."
			The nurse returned. "Ms. Popova?" she asked.
			"Yes?"
			"Can I have a word?"
			"Of course." Sveta rose, walking with the nurse.
			"You're the family nurse, is that correct?"
			"Yes." Sveta nodded. "I've just agreed I will supervise Chloe at night."
			"Excellent." the nurse smiled. "Can you come with me? I need to check we've got the prescriptions right."
			Sveta nodded, and walked over to Chloe. She kissed her forehead.
			"You'll be alright, dorogaya. I promise."
			Chloe hugged her tightly. "T-tha-thank you, S-Sveta. I-I'm s-s-s-s..." she stuttered, before clearing her throat. "Mne zhal."
			"Don't be." Sveta brushed her hair lovingly. "I'll be back in a moment."
			William squeezed Chloe's hand. "I'm going to go to the toilet. I'll be right back."
			As he left, he leant in, and whispered in Catherine's ear. "Talk to your daughter." he said firmly. Catherine's eye twitched.
			She walked over, and sat by Chloe's bed.
			Chloe looked at her, eyes welling up. "I-I'm sorry..."
			"Stop it." Catherine cut in. "I... I know what you did."
			"W-what?"
			"I saw the pregnancy test, Chloe." she scowled.
			Chloe cried. "I-I h-had t-t-t--"
			"You're a baby-killer." Catherine snarled. She stood.
			"Mum... P-please..." Chloe begged.
			Catherine paused, before storming away. Chloe sobbed deeply, her whole body shaking in pain.

		Chloe in hospital post-OD
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was the morning after Dorsey's death, and Chloe left her lecture hall, glad to be free.
			She wandered over to Bea's class, and waited patiently.
			The bell rang, and the class came out. Bea rushed over.
			"Hey, beauts!" she began.
			"Hey, girl!" Chloe smiled warmly. "Wanna go get lunch?"
			Bea winced slightly. "I, um... Sorry, Charlie and I were gonna go get food."
			Chloe sighed. "Well, can't I come?"
			"I mean..." Bea began. "I wouldn't mind, but I think Charlie wants to spend time with me one-on-one, you know?"
			"So, your boyfriend doesn't want you hanging out - got it." Chloe shook her head.
			"Hey, don't be like that." Bea frowned.
			Chloe sighed. "I'm sorry, I just... You've been spending so much time with him lately. I'm... I'm worried."
			"Worried?" Bea pulled her head back. "What do you mean?"
			"You know what I mean." Chloe continued. "I've already told you I wasn't comfortable with how he was in the cafe. And you yourself said how he blew up at you on Christmas."
			Bea shook her head. "Chloe, you're looking at this all wrong. Charlie's nothing like that."
			"He is exactly like that." Chloe retorted. "What kind of boyfriend doesn't let his partner hang out with her friends?"
			"Relationships are like that when you're an adult!" Bea countered. "We're not in school anymore, Chlo."
			"You're still supposed to be able to see your friends." Chloe sighed. "Bea... You've been so distant ever since you got with him. I'm really, really worried about you."
			Bea's brow furrowed. "At least he's not part of a gang."
			"Excuse me?"
			"You heard." Bea continued. "You haven't thought about how Connor was in prison until the other day?"
			"Connor's not my boyfriend... and anyway, we're not talking about him!" she countered.
			"You still like him, don't deny it." Bea interjected. "Everyone can see it. So what, you'll get with him, be together, and then he gets thrown in jail this time - only this time, he's already escaped prison once, so they'll send him somewhere more secure. Is that the life you want?"
			"Bea, what the hell are you talking about?" Chloe shook her head, her cheeks reddening. "I'm here worrying about you, and you're having a go about Connor getting framed by the police?"
			Bea sighed. "I have to go. I'm gonna be late."
			"Bea, wait..." Chloe cut in. "I just... we're best friends, we always have been. Surely you know I'm just looking out for you?"
			"And you know I'm looking out for you." Bea retorted. She sighed again. "Look, I... I know what Francis did to you has affected you, but I promise, Charlie's nothing like that."
			Chloe cringed at that, and reflexively touched her scar. "I never said he was."
			Bea exhaled slightly. "You're right, I'm sorry... I shouldn't have said that."
			Chloe smiled softly, and hugged Bea.
			"Listen..." she began. "I know you love Charlie. And I'd never try to get in between you guys. Just... why don't you both come out with us tonight? The Horse is still closed, so maybe we can try somewhere new? We can prove you don't need to avoid us to have a good time with him, yeah?"
			Bea nodded. "I'd like that. I'll meet you there?"
			"Absolutely." Chloe smiled.

			Elsewhere in Caldermouth, in the central police station, Nina arrived at Naismith's desk, holding a stack of folders.
			"More cases?" he asked, his eyes darkened from exhaustion.
			"Yes, sir..." she groaned, likewise tired.
			"I'm glad we managed to get the bastards, but..." Naismith leant backwards. "Couldn't they have done a little more work before we arrested them?"
			"Just think of the overtime payments..." she chuckled back.

		Bea and Chloe argue
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That night, Bea and Charlie sat in a booth in a Caldermouth club called "Infernus."
			"It's a shame the Horse is still being repaired." Bea began. "That's my favourite place to go in Drackhill!"
			Charlie rolled his eyes. "Didn't you say that place got ransacked because it was owned by the gang?"
			"Well, the Syndicate, yeah..." Bea meekly protested. 

			Outside, the rest of the gang walked towards Infernus. As they walked, a homeless woman called over asking for spare change.
			"One sec." Connor said, reaching into his pocket. The woman looked up, and pulled down her hood.
			"No way! Connor?" she asked.
			"Eliza?!" Connor grinned. "How have you been?"
			"Yeah, well, still homeless, love." Eliza quipped. Connor chuckled.
			"Here - I've got a tenner." he said, handing it to her.
			Eliza smiled, and pulled out her flute.
			"Eliza, you don't have to..." he began, only for her to begin playing a familiar tune.
			Before long, Connor found himself singing.

			"Oh, Father, why are you so sad?
			On this bright Easter morn',
			When Irishmen, are glad and proud,
			Of the land where they were born?
			Oh son, I still have memories true,
			Of far-off distant days,
			When being just a lad like you,
			I joined the IRA!

			Where are the lads, who stood with me?
			When history was made?
			A Ghra Mo Chroi, I long to see,
			The boys of the old brigade."

			Eliza laughed heartily.
			Amy snickered, punching Connor's arm. "Don't quit your day job, bro."
			The group laughed. Trey dropped some loose change into her cap, as did Amy.
			Chloe pulled out a £20 note. "I'm sorry, I normally use my card. Is this enough?"
			Eliza was stunned. "I--It's alright, love, you don't need to--"
			Chloe raised her hand. "Hey, you've given us all something to tease Connor over. That kind of work deserves reward." she grinned.
			Eliza laughed. "Well then, thank you very much!"
			Connor paused. "How come you're out this time of year? I thought you had a place in the hostel?"
			"It closed down." she shrugged. "Bloody skinheads smashed the place up, and now the Syndicate can't afford the repairs."
			Connor stroked his chin, pensively. His mind flashed back to Ivan's offer on Ramon Murillo.
			"I can't promise it'll be soon..." he began. "But keep your ears open. I'll talk to Tommy."
			Eliza smiled warmly. "When are you gonna run for mayor, love?"
			"Christ, I'd sooner vote for Caligula over him!" Trey quipped.
			"My rule will be so iron-fisted, I'll make Caligula look like a hippie." Connor retorted, grinning.

			The gang entered Infernum. Chloe was first to get in past the bouncer, and Bea visibly lit up upon spotting her.
			"Hey, girl!" she cheered. Chloe hugged her.
			"Hey, beauts!" Chloe cheered back. She turned to Charlie.
			"Hi, Charlie. Good to see you again!" she forced a smile.
			"Good evening, Chloe. No wolf this time?" he asked, cocking an eyebrow.
			Chloe stifled a scoff. "So, we've not been here before. Looks nice, but I prefer the Horse."
			Bea smiled. "Yeah... let's hope they finish fixing it up soon."
			Amy, Connor, and Trey arrived. They cheered, and Charlie scowled out of sight.
			After a few standard greetings, Connor and Chloe headed to the bar, grabbing the first round of drinks.
			"It's a shame we couldn't bring Sparky." she mused.
			"Yeah, it's a real shame." Connor nodded.
			"I wonder what he's up to now." she chuckled.

			*POP!* went the Agent's head, as Ivan's bullet sailed through. Sparky was drenched in blood, and eviscerated another.
			"Alright, guys - they've just sent out the alarm. So you'd better hurry up." Shannon said calmly over the radio.
			A gunshot slammed into the crate - one of Ivan's favourite explosive rounds. Serum spilled out onto the ground.
			"...that works." she chuckled.

			Bea and Charlie were sat at the table - Bea was facing the dance floor, while Charlie took the drinks. He looked around as Connor and Chloe headed back to the bar, and slid her drink to her.
			After bringing the second tray, Chloe and Connor joined Amy and Trey on the dancefloor.
			"See..." Charlie said, turning to Bea. "They'd rather be acting silly on the dancefloor than spend time with you. You really deserve better than that." he grinned. Bea frowned.
			"I... I mean, they're having fun. It's not like if I got up and joined them, they'd moan." she replied sadly.
			"But why would you want to?" Charlie replied. "You're so much more mature than all of them... surely you've moved beyond all this kid stuff? Isn't it time to settle down a little?"
			Bea looked conflicted, and sipped her drink.
			Meanwhile, on the dance floor, Connor was standing awkwardly stiff while Trey and Amy danced wildly. Chloe smiled, looked down, and blushed. A slow song came on. Trey chuckled, and headed back to the table.
			Chloe and Connor's eyes met.
			"Hey, um..." Chloe began, blushing.
			"Hah..." Connor chuckled nervously. "Um... would you like to dance?"
			"I would love to." she beamed. With that, she placed her hand in his, and they danced.
			Connor was unsure, unsteady - he could dodge speeding bullets and tear through hordes of Super-Agents, but somehow the idea of placing his feet in the right position became anathema to him.
			Chloe chuckled, endeared by his awkwardness.

			Back at the table, Charlie was visibly annoyed that Trey had joined them, while Trey was gleeful in being able to rattle him with his presence alone. Bea was sipping her drink, looking tired.
			"So, Charles..." Trey began.
			"Charlie."
			"Oh, my mistake." Trey smirked.
			"You know, we had a really tricky one at work a while back - someone's car kept overheating. Well, we took a look in the bonnet, and what did we find? A dead cat! A big fat tabby cat had crawled its way into the bonnet, and died. Personally, the worst part was the smell..." Trey rambled on, taking delight in Charlie's unhappiness.
			Bea's head swayed a little. She turned around to face the competing boys. "Hey..." she said, slurring slightly.
			"Bea? You good?" Trey asked, concerned.
			"She's fine." Charlie replied curtly.
			"Shut the fuck up, I wasn't asking you." Trey snapped. Charlie seethed with rage.
			"Guys... something's wrong..." Bea slurred, her hand clutching the edge of the table. "I don't... feel right."
			
			Back to the dancefloor, Connor and Chloe were finding the rythmn. Amy had stopped dancing - instead, she was leaning against a pillar, watching them.
			"About time." she thought, grinning.
			The song reached its crescendo, and Connor and Chloe pulled closer together. They looked deep into each other's eyes.
			"Go on, Connor. Trust yourself." Amy whispered, hopefully.
			Connor smiled and blushed. Chloe's eyes fluttered slightly. The two leant in, and...
			"GUYS!" Trey shouted, as Bea's head hit the table with a noticable thud.
			Connor and Chloe looked over, and immediately rushed to the table. Bea was barely conscious - Connor's face turned grave.
			"She's been spiked." he said, his voice deep with fury.
			"Let's go." Amy began, her rage matching his.
			
			As the group walked away, Bea's arms were around Chloe and Trey. Charlie tried to take her, but they stared daggers at him.
			"Right, I'll take her back to my place." Charlie began. Connor stopped in his tracks and stared him down.
			"You will do no such thing. She is going to come back to mine, and we will all stay with her together. At no point is she to be left alone. I trust all of you--" he said, intentionally excluding Charlie in his gaze, "-But she is not going anywhere alone."
			"Oh?" Charlie growled, unable to contain his rage anymore. "I'm starting to think you spiked her!"
			Connor's pupils constricted, his icy-grey irises reflecting the lights of the street. "Say that again." he snarled. His eye sockets darkened slightly, as mutant hormones rushed to his flesh and time slowed down.
			"I think you did this. You refuse to let her boyfriend take her home, you insist on bringing her back to your place?!" Charlie replied, trying desperately to pin the blame on Connor. He raised his fists. "No one does that to my girlfriend and gets away with it!"
			He swung, hitting Connor's face. Connor didn't even move slightly. Charlie grabbed his knuckles, which had gone sore, as if he'd punched concrete.
			He smiled - not like a friend, but like a crocodile. He placed his hand on Charlie's shoulder, gripped it hard, and slammed his other fist into his abdomen, just as he breathed out. Charlie fell to the ground like a sack of wet soil, wheezing.
			"You FUCKER!" Trey shouted, grabbing Charlie's throat and punching his face. Blood poured out of his nose. His eye turned black and bruised. Connor pushed Trey back.
			"Enough." he barked. "I agree, we should more than just kick his arse... but not like this."
			Trey stared into Charlie's eyes, and walked five paces away.
			Amy walked over and looked Charlie dead in the eyes.
			"If I ever see you again, you're a dead man." she growled.
			"Stay away from her." Connor snarled. "Never come near us again. Otherwise, I'll kill you. Do I *MAKE* MYSELF *CLEAR* TO YOU?!"
			Charlie frantically nodded, and with that, they left.
			"Just called my dad - he's sending out one of his cabbies to take us back to yours." Trey explained.
			"Brilliant, I owe him one." Connor replied.
			"No - he said this one's on the house." Trey nodded. "Special favour for busting me out of jail. If she spews, he'll get it cleaned no problem."
			With that, the cabbie arrived. The group got in the taxi, and headed back to Connor's place.

		Bea gets spiked
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The gang arrived at Connor's place. Trey and Chloe laid Bea down on the sofa. Chloe put Bea in a position to avoid her potentially choking on vomit. Amy was on the phone.
			"Okay, great, thank you..." she said, hanging up. "Okay, so they said to call back if she gets worse, or doesn't get better by morning. Someone has to be awake with her at all times."
			"We'll take turns." Chloe nodded. "Whenever you feel like you're going to fall asleep, wake the next person up."
			"Good idea." Amy agreed.
			Sparky came in from the bedroom, having just woken up from his post-raid nap. "Hello everyone... Oh no, what's wrong with Bea?" he asked, rushing over to her.
			"She's okay buddy... You were right about him." Chloe whispered, stroking Sparky's head, noticing his concern.
			Amy raised an eyebrow. "What was that?" she asked.
			"When I was looking after Sparky after new years." Chloe answered. "We met up with Bea and Charlie. Sparky knew he was bad news right away."
			"Sparky's got good intuition. If he doesn't like someone, there's a very good reason." Connor nodded in agreement.
			"Where there any signs then?" Amy asked, concerned.
			"Yes, there were - for starters, he kept trying to push my buttons. And he kept acting like he was some humble boy, just to get Bea's affection. And Bea..." Chloe sighed, and looked down at her best friend. "I've never seen her so quiet before. You guys all know her, she's life and soul, second only to Trey. But there... she was almost mute. I'm really worried about her."
			"Well, surely after this she'll stay away from him, no?" Amy asked.
			"Were it anyone else that had done this, it would never have gotten this far in the first place." Chloe replied. "But I'm worried. Charlie's gaslit her something chronic. I don't know if she'll even think what he did was wrong."

			Later on, Connor was smoking a cigarette in the garden, with Sparky at his feet.
			"I'm gonna kill him." Sparky whispered.
			"Me too." Connor nodded. "I should've known something was up. That fuckin' creep..."
			"You couldn't have known he would do *that.*" Sparky countered.
			"I could have smelled it, or... I don't know, *something...*" Connor muttered.
			"Some of the drugs the bad men use don't have any scent." Sparky cut in. "If you didn't smell it, chances are you couldn't've."
			Connor smiled sadly, and stroked Sparky's ears.
			Chloe joined him outside.
			"Hey..." she said softly.
			"Oh, heya." he replied, swiftly extinguishing his cigarette.
			"I didn't know you smoked." she began, concerned.
			"I don't normally. But after a stressful situation, I do so at the end of the night. Helps me calm my nerves." he said, looking down at his cigarette. He wondered internally if smoking could even harm him anymore - he'd regrown a whole hand in 24 hours, and indeed he'd regrown his entire alveoli in less time than that. A slow burn like smoker's cancer would probably make his body laugh before expelling it.
			"I get it. As long as you're not overdoing it... I mean, not that it's my business, it's your body, I just..." Chloe tripped over her own words. "I'd worry if you were smoking regularly. I mean, for you, that is." 
			She played awkwardly with her hair. Connor smiled.
			"It's okay. I know it's a bad habit. Besides, it's not really doing it for me anymore - it's more the ritual and the smell than the actual nicotine. It grounds me. I'll probably just replace it with something." he said, relaxing her somewhat.
			"That's good. I mean, not good, well it is, but... God, I can't string a sentence together tonight..." she sighed, blushing.
			"Hah, it's alright - you've had a very stressful night too." he nodded, inviting her to sit with him. She pulled up a deck chair.
			"Listen, um... I've been meaning to say..." Chloe began. Connor leant in, and they locked eyes.
			"I, um..." she continued, steeling herself. "I've really enjoyed spending time with you. I mean, spending the Christmas break back home has made me realise that. I know we've only known each other since October, but I... I've really enjoyed the time we've spent together." she said shyly, blushing.
			"I've really enjoyed spending time with you, too." Connor smiled warmly. "Heh, we've been through a lot haven't we?"
			"You can say that again." she chuckled, and they embraced.
			"Hah, you're getting better at hugs." Chloe quipped. They both chuckled.
			"Yeah, slowly learning to not just hold my arms out straight like an alien."
			They looked into each other's eyes again. Time began to slow. Chloe leant her forehead against his. Their hearbeats synchronised. Connor prepared to lean in, and...
			"Hey guys, Bea's coming to--oh, sorry." Trey said, realising what he was interrupting.
			"Oh, uh, hey... Okay, we'll come in and see her." Chloe nodded. Her duty to her best friend came first.
			Connor stood too, his blush slowly fading. Trey whispered "I'm so sorry." to him, to which Connor chuckled. They went inside.
			There, Bea was sat up, still looking woozy.
			"Hey, Bea. How you feeling?" Connor asked.
			"Hey... I... I'm okay..." Bea answered, still woozy. "Where am I?"
			"You're safe." Connor nodded. "You're in my new house, on the sofa."
			"Oh... okay..." Bea replied. "I'm so tired..."
			"You can go back to sleep, if you like." Chloe said, stroking Bea's cheek. Bea closed her eyes.
			"What happened?" she murmured.
			"You're okay... Charlie drugged you." Chloe explained tearfully.
			"No... He didn't..." Bea muttered, half-conscious, and fell back to sleep.
			Chloe sighed sadly. "Hopefully she sees sense in the morning."
			"If I see that cunt again..." Amy growled.
			"I know." Chloe said, placing a gentle hand on Amy's shoulder.
			"We'd better all get some rest." Connor nodded.
			Even in her haze, Bea gripped Chloe's hand. Chloe smiled sadly, and laid down with her.

		Bea is brought to Connor's
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Bea phased into consciousness that morning. The world slowly slipped into frame for her.
			"Hey, girl..." Chloe began, gently stroking her hair.
			"What... What happened last night?" she asked, groggily.
			"You, uh..." Chloe paused. She looked to Connor, who stepped in.
			"You were spiked last night. Don't worry, you weren't hurt, we got you back here straight away." he explained.
			"What? Spiked? Who by?" she asked, sitting up.
			"It was Charlie." Trey folded his arms.
			"What? No, that can't be true." Bea whispered, shocked.
			"He did it, Bea. I swear on my life, he did it." Amy nodded.
			"No... No, you've all never liked him. It must have been someone else! I mean, we've never drank there before, it..." Bea shook her head.
			"Bea..." Amy started, going to place a hand on Bea's shoulder, but Bea pulled back.
			"No. There's no way he would do a thing like that." she said firmly.
			"Bea, sweetie, please..." Chloe began, teary eyed.
			"No, Chloe..." Bea replied, her eyes likewise welling up. She looked at her phone, to see a message from Charlie. It was a photo of his bruised and bloodied face.
			"I'm so sorry... I tried to stay with you, but they wouldn't let me. I begged them to let me stay with you, and they just attacked me." his text read.
			"I'm so sorry your friends are like this. I tried to reason with them, and look what they did to me. I need you here. I've already made this sacrifice for you - please come and help me."
			"What the hell did you do?!" Bea raged. "No, I can't..." she went on her taxi app, and booked one for right away.
			"Bea, I swear, it was him. We never left your drink unattended - we only left it on the table with yous two. It wasn't us, and it wasn't you. It *was* him." Connor explained. "Yeah, I hit him, as did Trey. If it were any of us that had been spiked, you'd have done the same thing."
			Bea hesitated. "No. No, there must have been a mistake. It wasn't him. You... You attacked him. For no reason! I... I'm going to go see him."
			"Bea, please don't!" Chloe begged.
			"Bea, I swear, we're telling you the truth. Have I ever lied to you?" Amy pleaded.
			"Amy, I..." Bea whispered, looking away.
			"Bea, we wouldn't make a thing like this up. I'm telling you, he's dangerous." Trey began, desperation laden through his words.
			"Trey..." Bea sighed. "I... You hurt him. I..." she struggled to get the words out.
			"Please don't go to him. If you go, I can't protect you. Please, stay with us. Your pack." Sparky whimpered, wishing to all hope that Bea could hear him just this once.
			"Oh... Even the dog's going at it." she sighed. Sparky put his paw on her leg.
			"Please. You are part of this pack. You are safe here." he pleaded.
			Bea took Sparky's paw off of her.
			"Bea, I swear to you, we are telling you the truth. If even a shred of you has doubts, please don't go." Connor begged.
			"No. I... I'm going." Bea stood. The gang went to follow her, but she turned around.
			"I'M GOING!" she snapped.
			"Bea! Please!" Chloe cried, running after her. "You have always been my closest friend. Please, believe me!"
			"I..." Bea hesitated. "I'm sorry, Chlo. I just... I have to see him. After what Connor and Trey did to him, I have to..." 
			"Bea, remember what happened with Francis? Remember how you kept begging me to change my mind on him, and it wasn't until *this*" she began, gesturing at the scar running down her cheek, "that I realised you were right? Please, Bea... Please don't make the same mistake I did. Don't let it get any further. He's already tried to spike you. God knows what he'll do next! Bea, please!"
			"Chloe... I... I'm so sorry. I just... I..." Bea stumbled on her words. The taxi she'd booked on her phone pulled up.
			Bea hugged Chloe, walked away, and Chloe sobbed, begging her to not go. She opened the taxi door, turned back to face her best friend, and paused. A tear ran down her face.
			"Oi, don't mean to interrupt, but are you getting in or what?!" the cabby asked impatiently.
			She nodded silently, entered. As the taxi left, tears streamed down her cheeks, she covered her mouth, and closed her eyes, unable to look at her friends.
			The tension - the conflict between her true self and who she was trying to be for Charlie - was reaching a boiling point.
			Chloe fell to her knees. Connor walked over to her, and put his arm around her. She turned, pushing her face into his chest, and openly wailed in sorrow. Connor rubbed her back, and held her tightly. Amy arrived, and put her arms around Chloe from behind. Trey arrived too, hugging the entire group. Lastly, Sparky came, licking the tears off of Chloe's face, and curling up at her feet.

		Morning after Spiking
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The gang were all gathered at Chloe's apartment, comforting her and each other. Chloe was under a blanket, eating ice cream. Sparky was laid on her lap, looking up at her. Connor sat next to her, with her head resting on his shoulder. Amy was sat on her other side, stroking her arm softly. Trey was next to Connor, likewise leaning into him.
			"I just... We have to do *something.*" Chloe lamented.
			Trey nodded softly. "It's a real shame... But we've done all we can. We just... We have to trust that Bea will see the truth eventually."
			"What if it's too late by then?" Chloe asked, teary-eyed. One tear ran right down her scar, pooling at the end of it. Connor wiped the tear away.
			"Then we act." he said firmly. "If we see a shred of evidence that he's done anything else, we act. We can't force Bea to leave him. But we can terrify him into leaving her."
			"I should have killed him when I first saw him." Sparky growled. "If I'd done that, none of this would be happening."
			Connor stroked Sparky's head, in silent acknowledgement. Sparky licked his hand.
			"It's okay, boy." Connor whispered.
			"If only we'd all listened to you, Sparky." Chloe said, unaware of his words but somehow catching his vibes. She checked her phone, and sighed.
			"I've tried phoning her, texting her... I even sent her an email." she chuckled. The group hugged each other tighter.

			The next day, Chloe arrived at uni. She sat through her class, half-listening. At the end, she grabbed her bag and walked slowly down the steps.
			Professor Lowenthal interrupted her.
			"Sorry, Chloe - can I have a word?"
			She nodded silently, and sat down at his desk.
			He smiled softly. "How are things at Morland? Are you settling in okay?"
			"Yeah, things are good." she replied absently.
			"I heard a glowing review from your supervisor." he began. "He said you made a finding during an autopsy that everyone else missed?"
			Chloe shrugged modestly. "It was pure chance. Honestly, it was more reasonable to assume they were spare kidneys rather than adrenal glands."
			"Don't sell yourself short. You're doing very well." Lowenthal beamed.
			Chloe nodded, staring into the distance.
			Lowenthal cleared his throat. "Is everything okay at home, Chloe?"
			She sighed. "I... I'm worried about my friend. She's on the Law course - their lecture finishes in five minutes. I've gotta go see her."
			Lowenthal nodded sympathetically. "Of course. If you need anything from me, please don't hesitate to ask."
			Chloe smiled. "Thank you, professor."
			Lowenthal bowed his head, and she stood and left, heading for Bea's lecture hall. She waited as the class poured out, but Bea didn't show. She took a deep breath, and went into the hall. There, the professor was writing notes.
			"Ah, hello! Can I help you?" he asked.
			"Um..." she began. "Has Bea been in today?"
			The professor's brow furrowed. "No, she's not been in all day. It's not usual for her - are you her friend?"
			"Yeah." Chloe began. "I'm worried about her..."
			The professor gave a sympahetic smile. "If you do hear from her, please tell her she's not in any trouble. I'll email her the notes from the lectures."
			Chloe nodded, and left. She walked home slowly, and felt her phone buzz.
			She looked at the screen - it was a text from Charlie.
			"What the hell?" she muttered aloud, before opening it.
			"chlo its me" it read. Her brow furrowed.
			"you were right about him" another message read. Her eyes widened in realisation.
			"please help me"
			Chloe's fingers were a blur as she replied. "Where are you??"
			"im in flat 231" the final message read. Chloe turned pale, and phoned Connor.
			"I've found her." she said.

			The gang arrived in short order. They stood outside Flat 231 at Chloe and Bea's apartment block.
			Connor pulled out a bump key, and with ease, opened the door.
			Trey burst in.
			"Where are you?!" he barked.
			A petrified young man put his hands up.
			"Please, take anything you want! Just don't hurt me!" he begged.
			Connor cursed. "She's not here."
			"Where the hell could she be?!" Chloe cried out. 
			"Where does Charlie live?" asked Amy.
			"No idea. I assumed she meant this flat, but she could have meant any 'Flat 231' in the city." Chloe sighed.
			"She didn't mention any other address?" Connor tilted his head.
			"No... oh god, maybe Charlie got the phone..." she rubbed her temples.
			Connor gently grabbed her shoulders, shaking her out of her stupor.
			"We'll find her, Chloe. I promise." he vowed. She nodded.
			"Where else could he live?" Amy pondered.
			"Um..." the young man stammered.
			"Sorry - we're going." Trey sighed, as they left.
			Connor's eyes lit up. "I have an idea."
			He pulled out his phone. "Give me a minute - I'm gonna call a friend."
			He stepped outside, and put his phone back in his pocket. He tapped his earpiece, and took a deep breath.
			"Team, this is Connor." he whispered. "Our friend Bea has been kidnapped, and is being held captive at her boyfriend's home. We need an address right away."
			"I'm here." Shannon answered.
			"Me too." Ivan added.
			"Alright - Ivan, I've just texted you. I need you to run a signal triangulation on this number. Get me their rough location. Shannon - how fast can you break into the university network?"
			"I'm looking at their web server now - great minds think alike. What's his name?"
			"Charlie. Charlie Thorne. Uh--Charles, technically."
			"I'm on it. It'll take a while though - there's a lot of old SQL servers on their network. I'll have to check each one for the right database."
			"Alright, you do that. Ivan, any update?"
			"East of your position. As I zero in, I'll keep you posted."
			"Got it. Talk soon."
			He rushed back to his friends. "I've got a rough trace - the general direction. Follow me - the trace will close in slowly."
			Chloe went to question it, but shook her head, Gift horse, and all that. The gang rushed out, heading eastwards.

			"Alright, sorry bratan - I can't get any clearer than that. You're in the neighbourhood." Ivan explained.
			"There's loads of apartment blocks on this street..." Connor sighed.
			"What should we do? Split up?" Chloe asked.
			"No - no one confronts him alone." Trey shook his head. "We go through each block, I suppose."
			"Wait..." Amy tilted her head. "Chloe - does Charlie rent privately?"
			"I--Yeah, I'm pretty sure he was bragging about it a while back." she nodded.
			"Shannon - did you get that?" Connor asked.
			"Yep, on it - Royal Oaks, flat 231. That's your block."
			"Royal Oaks! On me!" Connor barked. They rushed into the lobby.

			The receptionist - a middle-aged man with a grumpy expression - stood.
			"Excuse me! No dogs are allowed in here."
			"Piss off." Connor growled, shoving him out the way and jumping on his computer.
			"Hey! Get away from that!" he snapped. Connor stared him down, and continued looking.
			"Yep." he nodded. "He's here. Flat 231."
			"I can smell her. She's close." Sparky growled lowly.
			They charged up the stairs. The receptionist pulled out his phone.
			"Hello, police?" he began. "A group of chavs have just barged in to our block. I think they're here to cause trouble for one of our tenants."
			A brief pause.
			"I don't give a damn about your capacity! Get someone down here, now!"

		Searching the flats
		______________________________
		SCENE
			They made it to Flat 231. Trey banged on the door furiously.
			"CHARLIE!" he roared. "OPEN UP, YOU FUCKING PRICK!"
			Connor gently placed his hand on Trey's shoulder. "Perhaps a more direct approach?" he began.
			Trey frowned. "Look at the door. No way lockpicks will work."
			Connor smirked. "I know."
			He placed his hand on the door handle. Indeed, it was a lock that would be very, *very* hard to pick.
			He sighed, and placed his hand on the glass pane on the top half of the door. His palm outstretched.
			"What do we do?" Chloe asked, nervously scratching her hands.
			Connor tensed his hand into a fist, then pulled it away, turning. He tucked his sleeve over it, and spun back around.
			The glass pane turned into a million tiny fragments, as his fist cleaved through it. He grabbed the handle from the inside, and opened the door.
			Chloe gasped, while Amy and Trey gave him a knowing nod.
			The group barged in. There, Charlie pulled a kitchen knife on them.
			"Stay back! I'm warning you!" he shouted. Connor wordlessly approached.
			"Get BACK!" Charlie roared, slashing outwards. Connor slammed his palms together, catching the knife. He twisted, driving his elbow into Charlie's jaw - then repeated the motion, spinning his head and dizzying him. Finally, he shoved him back, and held the knife up against his throat.
			"I'm going to ask you this once. *Where. Is. Bea?*" he snarled, his voice booming deep.
			"She--she's not here." Charlie lied.
			"I'm up here! Please, help me!"
			Connor turned his face to the others, still holding the blade. "Go. I've got this."
			They went to go, but were transfixed on the scene. Chloe's eyes darted between the knife and Connor's murderous gaze.
			Sparky and Amy walked up to him.
			"Connor..." Amy said, placing her hand on his shoulder.
			"Do it." Sparky growled.
			"Don't do it." Amy whispered. She didn't need to speak Sparky's language to know what he'd said.
			Connor's eyes bored deep into Charlie's. His pupils became so constricted, they were almost invisible. Only the icy grey orbs of his irises remained, staring right into the back of Charlie's skull. Fibres in his eyes began to glow red, as a cocktail of mutant hormones flushed into his system. He was nanometres away from the Rage.
			"Connor, I agree, he deserves it. But if you kill him, that's a whole other issue. Don't do it." Amy pleaded. "He's not Laverty. Do this, and it'll come back to bite you in a big way."
			Connor's hand shook. "FUCK!" he barked, throwing the knife into the wall, hard enough for it to sink in.
			Charlie caught his breath. "I... I suggest you all leave."
			Amy responded by punching him in the face, knocking him to the ground. She hit him again, and again, and again, smearing his nose across his face. Chloe and Trey shook themselves from their stupor, and rushed ahead.

			Upstairs, they found Bea in the corner, naked, and duct tape wrapped around her feet. She was badly bruised, her nose had been bleeding, and her ankles were cut up and swollen from the bounds. Trey ripped the tape off, his adrenaline fueling his strength.
			Bea grabbed onto him, sobbing. He embraced her back. Chloe rushed to her, and held her. 
			"I'm so sorry..." Bea sobbed.
			"Don't be." Chloe cried back. "You're okay now. We've got you..."
			Trey cradled her. "You're safe now." he whispered.
			He took off his hoodie, and helped her put it on. Chloe likewise took off her sweater, and helped Bea wrap it around her waist, covering her slightly.
			They helped her down the stairs. There, Charlie tried to crawl away.
			He spat out blood. "I'm sorry..." he begged. "I just didn't want her to leave."
			Trey punched him in the stomach, making him wheeze in agony.
			Chloe stormed up to him, and kicked him as hard as she could between his legs, causing him to squeal.
			"You don't get to hurt her again." she spat, her voice shaking with fury.
			Finally, Bea stood on her own, and stumbled towards him.
			He rose to his knees. "Bea... Please..." he begged. "I'm sorry... I made a mistake... I love you..."
			Bea smiled sadly. "I'm sorry too."
			She then turned her top half, and backhanded him across the face with all her might. He hit the ground, a tooth coming out of his mouth.
			With that, the group helped Bea out of the door.

		Rescuing Bea
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Nina's eyes had dark circles under them. She was overworked, and needed a break.
			But not tonight. This was important.
			She was sat in an interview room. Across the table sat Bea and another woman. Bea was wearing a grey sweatshirt and trackies.
			Nina gave Bea a sympathetic look. "Can I get you a drink or anything before we start, Beatrice?"
			"No, thank you..." Bea shook her head.
			"Okay." Nina nodded. "Do those clothes fit okay?"
			"They're fine... thank you for providing them." Bea nodded, smiling sadly.
			Nina bowed her head, and started the recording. "Police interview of Beatrice Jefferson, by PC Nina Chowdhury, in the presence of safeguarding officer Maya Kahan. Please can you all identify yourselves for the tape?"
			"Maya Kahan."
			"Bea--Beatrice Jefferson."
			"PC Chowdhury. Now, Bea--Is it alright if I call you Bea?"
			Bea nodded. Nina smiled.
			"So, Bea... Just to be clear, you are not under caution, nor in any trouble. If I say anything out of line, Ms. Kahan will intervene. You can say 'no comment' to any of my questions, and we can stop the interview at any time. Is that all clear?"
			"Yeah... I mean, yes." Bea replied, clearly still in shock somewhat.
			"Excellent. Now, Bea... to confirm, you state you were being held against your will by Mr. Charlie Thorne, from yesterday at 11:30 until today at 14:30 - is that correct?" Nina asked, her voice undercut by a sympathetic current.
			"Well, no..." Bea began. "I went there voluntarily at first. It was only when I tried to leave, once he started yelling at me, that he wouldn't let me leave."
			Nina smiled sympathetically. 
			"Given Mr. Thorne presumably had no intention of letting Bea leave at any time, I would argue that the entire time Bea was there, she was being held captive - she was merely unaware of this until she tried to leave." Kahan added.
			"Quite right." Nina agreed. "Now, Bea, I just need to get a few details in order - so, your friends arrived at Charlie Thorne's residence - Royal Oaks, flat 231 - at around 2:30 PM - is that correct?"
			"Yeah, that's right." Bea replied, nodding.
			"Okay. And did you hear them enter?"
			"Yes. I heard knocking first, and then I heard the door break down." Bea answered.
			Nina smiled again. "That tracks with what we've heard so far. After entering, your friends allege that Mr. Thorne came at them with a knife. Did you witness this?"
			"No - but when I came down, I saw the knife in the wall."
			"Right - of course, apologies." Nina replied. "Mr. Thorne has made a number of other allegations, but I'll ask your friends about those. I'm really sorry to ask this, Bea but I just need to get a picture of how Mr. Thorne was treating you." she continued.
			Bea gulped, and Nina offered a sympathetic smile. "Take your time to respond. Can you describe to me what condition you were being held in?"
			"I..." she hesitated. "He'd been beating me, he... he said, because he'd been hit by my friends, I had to suffer in their place."
			Bea shuddered before continuing. "Then he took his belt and started... whipping me with it." she trembled, the memory fresh and sore. Kahan reached for a box of tissues, but Nina had already passed them over. Kahan smiled at her.
			Bea continued. "Once he was done with that, he took duct tape and tied it up around my ankles, and closed me in the bedroom. After a while - I think it was an hour or so - he brought me a glass of water, and swore up and down he was sorry. I didn't know what to think, so I just drank the water. After that, it's all hazy."
			"You believe he drugged you?" Nina asked.
			"I... Yes. When I woke up, I was in the bed. My... My clothes were gone. He left his phone there - or it fell out of his pocket, or something. I grabbed it, and texted Chloe."
			"Did you not have access to your own phone?"
			"No, he... He smashed it to pieces." Bea shook her head. Nina noted "Destruction of property." on a file, next to "Unlawful imprisonment" , "Assault," and "Domestic violence," and continued.
			"Mr. Thorne alleges that your friends attacked him the other night. Were you present for this?"
			"No... Well, physically yes, but I'd been spiked."
			"Do you know who spiked you?" she asked.
			"I don't know." Bea replied. "But the club we were at - we didn't get searched at the door, because Connor knows the bouncer. And... It wasn't any of my friends who did it, I can promise that. So, I reckon it was Charlie."
			"I'll note, given Mr. Thorne's abusive and manipulative behaviour, and the clear evidence that he drugged her in captivity, he is the only one with means, motive, and opportunity." Kahan added. Nina nodded.
			"Given that, I can understand why your friends would step in. I should tell you - during a search of Mr. Thorne's flat, we discovered a stash of as-yet-unidentified pills. Forensics haven't deduced their exact purpose, but I would assume, given the pattern, they were sedatives. Last thing, Bea - Mr. Thorne alleges that upon leaving, you hit him, knocking out a tooth."
			"I..." Bea began, but Kahan stepped in.
			"I think we can all agree that, even if that happened, it would have been absolutely justified given the circumstances Bea was in. Very few people would have acted differently."
			"Indeed - I know I'd have done the same." Nina nodded. "You're not in any trouble, I'm just trying to get a clear picture."
			"I... Yes, I did that. He said he was sorry, that he loved me, he pleaded for me not to go... I was just so sick of his lies."
			"I understand." Nina smiled softly. "That's it then, Bea. We'll call you if we need anything else. To reiterate once again, you are in absolutely no trouble. Interview terminated at 18:23."
			
			After that, Nina interviewed the rest of the gang.
			"Okay, so, can you describe what happened today?" she asked.
			"Bea texted us, telling us what was happening. We raced to his place, and he came at us with a knife - we stopped him in self-defence, and got her out. Then we called you guys straight away - but I guess the receptionist already phoned." Trey replied, nervously - never having been a big fan of the police.
			"We got a text from Bea telling us she was being held at Charlie's place. We got there as quick as we could, and rescued her. We defended ourselves from Charlie." Amy answered coldly, her arms folded.
			"I got a text from Bea at around midday. She was being held by Charlie. We went to his place, and we got inside. He tried to attack us with a knife, but thankfully Connor disarmed him. With that, we managed to rescue Bea, and we called you guys." Chloe said, putting on a brave face.
			"We got a text from Bea, and went to Charlie's. I kicked the door down, and he came at me with a knife. I took the knife off him, and in the process, a physical altercation ensued. After that, we got Bea out of there, and called yous." Connor answered clinically.
			
			"Right..." Nina nodded. "And, Mr. Thorne alleges you beat him senselessly, and that Bea had been staying with him voluntarily. How do you respond to that?"
			"No way. He came at us with a knife - and, well, you would have seen the state Bea was in. He's lying." Trey replied, finding his voice.
			"He's full of shit. Yes, we hit him - he was attacking us with a knife. It was a clear case of self defence. As for Bea staying voluntarily... I'm not even going to dignify that lie with a response." Amy shook her head, enraged by Charlie's manipulations.
			"I'm so sick of his lies... Yes, we hit him. I'll proudly own up to kicking his balls. He threatened us with a knife and was holding my best friend against her will - I don't think we acted improperly." Chloe replied, crossing her legs.
			"The man is a bare-faced liar. Yes, in self defence, I struck him - there was credible threat to life." Connor nodded, like a soldier giving a report. He emphasised the word *I* in his description of striking him.

			"Okay..." Nina sighed. "We saw the door. How'd you smash the window like that?"
			"I guess it was adrenaline. You know when you're so scared, you become 10 times stronger?" he answered, slightly nervous. The last thing he needed was for the cops to find out from *this.*
			"And no injuries to your hands?"
			"I do martial arts - I've got pretty strong knuckles. And I had my sleeve over my hand to stop any cuts to the skin." he quickly explained. Since none of it was technically a lie, he delivered it with confidence.
			"Right." Nina nodded. "And according to Mr. Thorne, you held the knife up against his throat."
			"It was heat of the moment. I wasn't going to do anything."
			"Of course." Nina smiled. "Okay, that's enough. We'll call you if we have further questions."
			As Connor left, Nina sat there for a moment.
			"Connor..." she sighed.

			With that, the gang regrouped in the police station's lobby. They exchanged words of comfort and smiles.
			"Thank you, guys... thank you again..." Bea whispered. Chloe hugged her tight.
			"You're safe now..." she said.
			"Where's Sparky?" Bea asked, concerned slightly.
			"They put him in another cell while they interviewed me." Connor explained, shrugging. "I think she's just getting him now."
			With that, Nina arrived, holding Sparky on a lead.
			Sparky pulled, immediately breaking free, and pounced on Bea, licking her face. She laughed, and squeezed him tightly.
			"Excuse me, Mr. Barrett?" Nina asked. "I'm afraid the forms have glitched out on our system - could I just get you to confirm some information quickly?" 
			Connor nodded, and turned to his friends. "I'll meet yous outside."
			They nodded, and went out. Connor returned to the interview room with her.
			"Sorry..." she said, looking unusually shy. "I need to ask you a favour. I, um... I know you."
			Connor gulped.
			"Shit." he thought. "My voice. She must have recognised my voice just like Shannon did."
			"It's about my sister Yasmin..." she began. At the mention of her name, Connor cringed slightly, while also relaxing - it was a painful memory, but it wasn't *that.*
			"I thought I recognised you..." he sighed.
			"I know... I know things didn't end well between the pair of you. But, well... frankly, you might be the only person who can help her. I need to ask you off the record." she tugged at her collar slightly. "You know about her son, Jack?"
			"I was there at the conception." Connor quipped.
			Nina smiled sadly. "I think her and Jack are being abused by her partner, Elliot."
			Connor's eyes widened. "Can't you do something?"
			"Oh, I've tried - but she's stonewalling me. I've raised a report, but I can't get involved, or I risk predjudicing the inquiry. Few domestic violence cases are as clear-cut as Bea's, so no one's doing anything on it. But, well... I know Elliot is bad news."
			"I'll say. He slept with someone else's girlfriend." Connor replied grimly.
			"I know... I know this is a lot to ask. But I'm desperate here." she pleaded. "Can you at least check up on her?"
			Connor sighed. He thought to himself for a moment.
			"I'll do it." he finally spoke.
			Nina exhaled in relief, and let him leave.
			Connor went on his phone. He found Yaz's number, and unblocked her.
			"Hey. I just spoke with your sister, she's worried about you and the kid. I once promised you I'd always be there for you; and I don't like to break my promises. If you need me, just call. Regardless of everything that happened, you're still someone who meant a lot to me. If you need a friend, I'm here." he wrote.
			He hesitated, and added another line.
			"I've moved place by the way. My new address is 56 Wilbur Ave. If things get too rough and you need a place to stay, just come round."
			He paused. He closed his eyes, and pressed send.

		Police interviews
		______________________________
		SCENE
			At Bea's apartment, the gang rallied around her.
			"Thank you all... I don't know what I'd do without you." she whispered softly.
			"It's okay..." Chloe replied. "You're safe now."
			"I should have listened to you. I should have listened to all of you. My friends. God, I'm so stupid..."
			"No you're not. You just... You love too hard. It's one of your best qualities." Trey said softly. It was a rare moment of genuine compliment, not masked by snark or joke. Bea nodded in appreciation, and leant against his chest.
			"I'll never let this happen again. Never again." she vowed to her friends.
			"Hey, at least you knocked out his tooth." Amy quipped, eliciting laughter from the group.
			Sparky placed his head on Bea's lap. She stroked his head.
			"I'm sorry, buddy..." she said sadly. "I should have trusted you. I should have trusted your instincts."
			Sparky looked deep into her eyes. "You're safe, Bea. That's all that matters. The pack is back together."
			"I just... How could I have been so stupid?"
			"It's not your fault." Amy cut in. "You were manipulated. He took your feelings for him, and used them against you."
			"But I had the feelings in the first place." Bea sighed. "Why would I fall for someone like that?"
			"He knew you liked him." Chloe began softly, stroking Bea's arm. "Even in school, he kept stringing you along to keep you hooked. He always knew how to play the right role. Anyone would have fallen for it - the only reason I didn't was because I was never in his crosshairs."
			Bea smiled sadly.
			"Come on." Chloe said, encouragingly. Bea leant into Chloe's arms.
			"I'm so sorry..." she whispered. "I should have listened. When you mentioned Francis... I should have listened."
			"Shh... It's okay." Chloe nodded, rocking Bea slightly.

			Connor was stood on the balcony, looking out into the distance. The city was quiet tonight - the gods of fate were often cruel, but at least they let him take the night off.
			Sparky trotted over softly.
			"I'm sorry." he began. "I got carried away. Amy was right, killing him would just get us in trouble."
			Connor stroked his head, and whispered, so the others wouldn't hear him.
			"I wanted to. I felt the same as you. You were just voicing opinions I already had."
			"I was wrong. About instinct. Following our instincts there would have made things worse."
			Connor nodded in understanding. "You're right about instincts - they're usually right. But not always. That's what logic is for. And you need both."
			Sparky smiled. With that, Chloe came out onto the balcony. Sparky stood, licked her hand, and then went inside to give them some privacy.
			"Hey..." she whispered.
			"Heya." he nodded.
			"I, um... Thank you so much for today." Chloe began. "God knows what could have happened to Bea if you hadn't been there."
			"I couldn't let that happen." he said softly.
			"I... I'm sorry we haven't had a chance to talk lately. It's just been so hectic with everything going on."
			"It's okay." Connor said, reassuring her. The two hugged. They held each other for a while, just enjoying the embrace. 
			Once the hug finally broke, they sat down on the deck chairs.
			"I saw the look in your eyes, when you grabbed him." she began gently.
			"Oh, I--I wasn't gonna do anything." he hurriedly added.
			"It's not that, I... Part of me hoped you would." she admitted.
			He smiled softly. "I get that. Scum like him..."
			"I was... I was so, so angry." she continued. "I've never hit anyone as hard as I hit him."
			He took her hands. "Trust me, that's normal. He could've killed her. Nothing you could've done would be too bad for him."
			She smiled slightly, looking at him.
			"I recognised the look. It was the same as when I got attacked outside work."
			"Yeah... well, hurting my friends is a good way to piss me off." he shrugged.
			She grinned. "Well, from what I've seen, I sure feel a lot afer with you around."
			He let out a chuckle.
			"Um... if this is me being nosey, just tell me, but..." she began. "What did Amy mean by 'Laverty?' As soon as she said it, I saw a... change, in your eyes."
			Connor looked away guiltily for a moment. "He was... he was our 'carer.' Well, one of them. And he was... he was doing horrible things to her."
			"Oh, I--" she shuddered.
			Connor hesitated - but he was so, so tired of keeping secrets now.
			"I, uh... when I found out, I confronted him. He hit me on the head, hard - and then started strangling her. Next thing I know, I'm covered in his blood."
			"You... killed him?"
			"Y-yeah..." he sheepishly admitted. "He--He was gonna kill her, I..."
			She took a deep breath.
			"I know it sounds horrible, but... you had no choice."
			"I know I didn't. But still..." he trailed off.
			She nodded softly.
			"You had a choice, tonight - and you did the right thing." she smiled. "*That's* who you are, Connor. The man who does the right thing when he can."
			He blushed slightly, and breathed out. "Well, if *I'm* being nosey, then tell me, but... what did Bea mean by 'Francis?'"
			"Oh..." she nodded, touching her scar out of reflex. "Francis, well... Francis was my ex-boyfriend. Well, *is* my ex-boyfriend. The only 'proper' relationship I've ever had."
			"Oh... You--you don't have to..."
			"It's okay." she smiled. "It's only fair. Besides, I... I've been meaning to be more open with you."
			Connor leant in, intent on listening.
			She took a deep breath. "I met him when Bea and I were in school. I would have been 15, and he would have been 18. We first met when I was walking home one evening - he picked me up in his car and drove me home. He was like Charlie in many ways. At the start, he acted all lovely, while secretly isolating me. It was easier for him - I only had Bea. It's not like he had to work hard to make me turn my back on my family."
			She took another breath.
			"Anyway... after a while, I was completely smitten. It was almost like a romance novel, you know?" she sighed. "Well, I ended up going to his house one night. He... he started pushing me to..."
			Connor nodded slowly, as if saying "It's okay - you don't have to say it out loud."
			She let out a grateful half-smile.
			"Well, I wasn't comfortable with that, so he... made it happen."
			Connor turned a deathly pale. He went to speak, to say *something* - but no words came.
			She cleared her throat. "After it happened, I was in shock. I couldn't believe someone I loved could do that to me. And I was... I was stupid. Naive. I thought life was like those stupid novels. So, I asked myself - what would happen in those? Well, the heroine would tearfully explain to him why what he did hurt her, and he would presumably swear to never do it again, right? So, that's what I did. I went to his house, and tried to tell him that I wasn't okay with what happened, begging him to see sense... This time, he was laughing as he did it."
			Connor swallowed, his mouth dry and his palms sweaty.
			"While that was happening... I tried to escape. I scratched, slapped, punched... eventually, I broke free. So, what did he do?"
			She took a deep breath, and rubbed her scar. "He took a pen-knife - funnily enough, he once used it to carve our names into a tree - and slashed my face with it. That's where I got this. He told me he did it to make it so no other man would want to be seen with me. To mark me as 'his' forever."
			She caught the flash of protective rage spark behind Connor's eyes, and sat up straighter. "It's okay. There was enough evidence to get him locked away for a long time."
			Connor's face turned even paler. "I... I'm so, so sorry." he choked out.
			Chloe smiled sadly, tears in her eyes, and placed her hands in his. He gently stroked them with his thumbs, then reached one up, gently wiping the tears from her scar. She pressed her head into his hand, her eyes fluttering.
			"No one should ever have to go through that." he whispered softly. "It isn't fair. But I'm... I'm really glad you felt like you could trust me with this."
			She leant forward, and their foreheads rested on each other. They closed their eyes, and remained like this for a while, before embracing.
			"Thank you..." she said at last, pulling back.
			"It's funny, isn't it?" she smiled. "We've only known each other for a few months, but... I couldn't ask for a better friend."
			He blushed slightly. "Me, neither. Trey's a dick."
			She giggled, then laughed heartily, as did he.
			"We'd better go check on Bea." she finally said. Connor nodded in agreement - whatever feelings they may have had for each other, they could address those later. Bea needed them right now.
			They went back inside, and the group formed a hug around her. Then came a knock to the door.
			"I'll get it." Connor smiled, rising.
			"Hey, I--Sorry, I didn't wanna intrude..." Shannon began. "Just, you weren't answering your phone, I wasn't sure if everything was okay--"
			"Hey, Shannon." Connor smiled.
			Bea rose, and smiled warmly. "You found out where I was, didn't you?"
			"I--yeah, that was me." she nodded shyly.
			Bea walked over, and wrapped her in an embrace. "Thank you... thank you so much."
			Shannon smiled, and returned the hug. "I, uh--anyway, I was just passing by, so I'll leave you guys to it."
			"You can stay." Bea nodded. "What I need right now is my friends - and you're definitely one now."
			She smiled shyly, and came in. The gang began bantering once more, just like usual.
			As Connor and Amy bickered over some anecdote, Bea let out a big smile.
			She was safe. She was with her friends.
			She was home.

		Denouement at Bea's

	Hurt
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The sky rippled a brilliant orange as the sun headed toward the horizon.
			For most, this heralded the end of their shift.
			For the heroes of Drackhill, it was the start.

			"Privet, tovarishch!" Ivan began the call with.
			"Privet, Ivan. Kak dela?"
			Ivan chuckled. "Hah! I won't reply in Russian - and I thought KGB interrogation was bad! Hah!"
			Connor chuckled too. "Let's just say I've been trying to learn Russian lately."
			"Oh? Planning on joining us full-time, tovarishch?"
			"Hah, no... If you must know, it's for a girl."
			"Aww, you fall in love with a Russian beauty?"
			"Not quite - but anyway."
			"Da, yes... I have found place for you to attack. Some facility or something in Halford." Ivan began.
			"The old commercial district?" Connor asked, surprised. "What would they have in there?"
			"Well, privacy." Ivan replied. "In this facility, we think they've been injecting gangsters from the Patriots with that damn serum - making more Super-Agents."
			"...A factory for living weapons." Connor mused.
			"Exactly. And our friend in the police needs to be there to see. According to a friend in the home office, this whole thing is causing quite a stir - so if the police learn of your prescence, they'll bring armed backup this time." Ivan explained. "Which means you'll need to kill any Super-Agents there and bolt before the cops try and get you."
			"Sounds like an average Tuesday." Connor shrugged. Ivan chuckled in response.
			"You've got it, tovarishch!"
			Connor paused for a moment. "Where do you get this information from?" he asked. "Not the KGB, surely?"
			"No... not KGB." Ivan replied eventually. "But... this, I can't tell you."
			"Because you don't trust me?"
			"Nyet! No... because my source trusts *me* to keep a secret."
			Connor relaxed at that. "That's fair. But one day, I'd like to meet our shadowy benefactors."
			"Hah! I am sure, when this business is finished, we will all go and drink vodka." Ivan laughed.
			"By the way..." Connor hesitated. "Is the Murillo job still open?"
			Ivan audibly grinned. "Good man, good man. Does next weekend work for you?"
			"You bet it does." Connor nodded.
			"Khorosho!" Ivan cheered. "Anyway - the Halford op is tomorrow night. Good hunting."
			"Do svidaniya, tovarishch."
			Ivan laughed at his pronunciation. "Do svidaniya." he replied, pronouncing it properly.

			Connor stretched and rolled his shoulders as he headed into Riverside Repairs. The garage was empty, and almost silent. He chuckled, and headed down into the basement.
			"Heyooo!" Trey cheered, looking up from a circuit board he was tinkering on. Amy was unloading a crate of machine parts onto a shelf.
			"Hey, guys. What are you doing here?"
			"I work here, dumbarse." Trey snarked. "As for what we're doing in the secret superhero lair - Shan wanted some techie-stuff set up down here - I told her to take the evening off."
			Connor smiled. "I'll be on patrol tonight, with Sparky. As long as the tech's in place before tomorrow's op, we're grand."
			"Well, after everything that's happened lately, it probably pays to be prepared." Amy shrugged.
			Connor nodded softly, looking into the distance.
			"Alright... what's wrong?" Trey asked.
			"Hm?"
			"You're brooding again." Amy grinned. "You know the 'dark, angsty superhero' thing is only cool in the movies, right?"
			"Har har." Connor snarked. "Uh... I was speaking with Chloe last night, and... she asked me about Laverty."
			Amy smiled gently. "I know. She told me."
			"She did?"
			"Girls talk, you know." she snarked. "It was more me asking her what you guys were talking about. After she told me about... well, you-know-who, I figured hey, since we're sharing - but she told me you beat me to the punch on that."
			Connor gave a soft look. "It's pretty awkward - telling the girl you like that you've killed someone."
			"It was a vulnerable evening." Trey cut in. "A lot of trauma-dumping going around. And hey, it sounds like she took it in stride."
			"So that's one kill explained, then. All I need to do is explain the other 116, and then we should be golden." Connor snarked.
			He looked at the hideout's incident tracker, and sighed.
			"It feels like fixing up a dam. Plug one leak, and five more spring up. I mean, it's great the cops are gone and Gambit's forced to hide, but I'm spending so much time focused on the Super-Agents, I don't really have the time to deal with normal crime."
			"That's a job for the police." Trey noted.
			"The same police force I singlehandedly dismantled last week, right?" Connor tilted his head. "Besides, they weren't doing much on that front anyway. But the city's too big for just a few of us. If we could even get Whiplash to fully commit to us, I might have enough time to do the odd patrol, but... we need to prioritise."
			Amy sighed, and put a hand on his shoulder. "It's the ugly maths of war, isn't it? Let one fire burn so you can put out a hundred others later... it sucks to be the one to make that call. But we trust you to make it."
			"Thanks, guys." he shrugged.  "Anyway, I only swung by to make sure the safehouse is coming along well. I'd best get back to it."
			"Take it easy, Werewolf." Trey smiled.
			Amy watched as he left. She tried not to, but couldn't help as her eyes glanced over the Crusader-pattern combat suit.

		Riverside Repairs
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The next afternoon, Connor was out for a jog - preparing himself for the upcoming raid that evening. He took a stretch, before pulling out his burner.
			"Detective." he began.
			"Most people call 999." Naismith snarked.
			"There's this facility in the old commercial district - a derelict shopping centre, where the basement has been converted into a factory to produce Super-Agents." Connor explained. "Tonight, I'm going to kill a lot of them - and there will be a lot of serum. Account for all of it - do not allow a single syringe to go missing. And, for the love of all life, do not under any circumstances let anyone inject it."
			"Fine. We'll be there. What time?"
			"10PM. Listen out for gunshots - you'll find us."
			He cut off the call, and realised another number was ringing.
			"Hey, Bea! How you doing?" he asked, his voice shifting from the Werewolf's husky growl to his natural intonation.
			"Hey, Connor! Yeah, I'm good. You free? I'm between classes at the moment, and I am *so* bored. Wanna meet at the cafe?" she asked.
			"Yeah, I'm free!" he said, checking his watch. "Out for a jog with Sparky at the moment. I reckon we can squeeze in a coffee."
			"Nice one!" Bea smiled. "See you in ten?"
			"See ya!" Connor nodded, and hung up. He took a last stretch, and looked around - no one could see him. He morphed his clothes into something more casual.
			"Hey, bud." he called Sparky over. "We're gonna go meet up with Bea."
			"Okay!" Sparky smiled. They headed over.

			Connor arrived at the cafe. Bea was already seated, and she stood and hugged him.
			"Hey!" she smiled. "You good?"
			"Heya!" Connor nodded. "Not bad, thanks!"
			"Hey Sparky!" she smiled warmly.
			"Hi Bea! How are you? Are you okay?" he yapped.
			"Hah... good boy." she cooed, stroking his ears.
			Connor piped up. "How's uni?"
			"Yeah, so-so." Bea replied. "We've been studying human rights laws lately."
			"I imagine with the Terrorism Act, that's a fairly short course." Connor quipped.
			Bea laughed. "You're not wrong there. God, this country sucks."
			Connor grinned. "To be fair, the Terrorism Act only makes the Diplock system nationwide. Back home, any Irishman accused of sectarianism gets the exact same treatment."
			"Really?" asked Bea, surprised. "I mean, I knew the Diplock system was in place over there, but I thought it would only get used in high-profile cases - you know, where finding a nonbiased jury would be impossible."
			"That was the stated aim of the policy." Connor shrugged. "But hey, add it to the list of laws designed to screw over Irish people."
			He smirked. "Christ alive, I sound like Vince."
			Bea chuckled. "Did, um... Did you see him while you were locked up?"
			"I did. It was weird..." Connor nodded. "It was obviously a horrid situation, even worse for him - it was his worst nightmare. But still, spending that week seeing each other... I don't know."
			Bea smiled sympathetically. "By the way, I... I don't know if Chloe told you, but... last week, I said some pretty horrible things about you and Trey being in the Syndicate."
			Connor tilted his head, and raised his eyebrows.
			"I... Chloe was telling me she was worried about Charlie - I should have listened to her. Instead, I went on a rant about how you being in a gang meant you were no better. I was just deflecting..." she admitted.
			Connor smiled softly. "it's okay. You... you weren't yourself. Besides, if me and Trey started finding things offensive, we'd be the biggest hypocrites going." he grinned.
			Bea chuckled. 

			With that, a barista approached. "What can I get you?" she asked.
			"I'll have a latte, please. One sugar." Bea replied.
			"And can I have a mocha with two sugars, please?" Connor asked.
			"And, can we get some dog treats for the little man?" Bea smiled, gesturing at Sparky - who had fallen fast asleep at their feet.
			"Treats?" he mumbled.
			"Of course!" the barista smiled, and handed over the card reader. Connor reached for his pocket, but Bea grabbed the machine.
			"You sure? I can pay for it."
			Bea smiled again. "Nah, it's cool. My treat." she replied, paying with her card.
			The drinks were brought over. Connor sipped his mocha and smiled.
			"Thanks, Bea. When they reopen the Horse, I'll get your round."
			Bea chuckled. "So, anyway... we hang out a load, I feel like we haven't ever had a conversation where it was just us, right?"
			"Hah, that's true actually." he nodded. "There's always at least one other person around."
			She smiled, and sipped her drink. "Well, not to sound like a stupid icebreaker, but.... what do you do for work?"
			"Well, I work with Tommy - he owns the Horse, and the repair shop me, Shannon, and Trey work at."
			"What do you do there?"
			"Mainly computer stuff." he shrugged. "A bit of a techie, me. I investigate the Patriots - find out stuff like planned drug deals, smuggling operations, the like."
			"And you... you work with the Werewolf?"
			"A little." he shrugged. "Sometimes the Werewolf brings us laptops he's seized. That's how the Chief Constable got exposed."
			"Did you study IT in school?" she asked, sipping her latte.
			"For a year in college, before I dropped out."
			"Fair enough." she smiled. "I, um... I've been meaning to say. Thanks for what you did with the whole Charlie thing. And... I'm sorry I kicked off at your place."
			"Absolutely no need." Connor shook his head, putting her at ease. "I'm just glad you're safe now."
			"By the way... I saw you and Chloe on the dance floor when we were in the Horse." she began. "Tell me honestly - how do you feel about her?"
			Connor turned pale. "I, um... Well, I... It's... Um..." he stuttered.
			Bea chuckled. "It's alright. I think I can guess."
			Connor smiled shyly. "Yeah, I... Yeah, you know."
			"Chloe is... very important to me." she began. "I just... Look, I trust you, Connor. But... Are you going to ask Chloe out?"
			"I... I mean, she... I..." Connor stuttered, even harder this time.
			"Connor." she asked, more firmly.
			"I'd like to, I suppose. But... Well, I'm a wee bit shy is all. And... I've got a lot going on in my life right now. I don't know if it would be right to ask Chloe out, if I can't promise I can give her my undivided attention."
			He cringed slightly. "Can I be trusted? Is it safe for her?"
			This double life of his was tearing him apart.
			Bea sighed softly - more out of sympathy than anything else. "Connor..." she began. "Chloe is my best friend. And I'm glad to hear you're taking your circumstances into account. But... Please don't string her along."
			"I would never want to do that. I swear."
			Bea smiled. "I know. Just... Make your mind up soon, yeah? Whether it's a yes or a no, just tell her so she knows. Can you do that?"
			Connor paused for a moment. "This... this stays between us, yeah?" he asked.
			Bea nodded.
			"I... Look, I *do* like her." he admitted.
			"But?"
			"No buts. I just... I don't know if it's fair on her to ask her out. I mean... I'm probably not the right guy for her."
			"What do you mean?"
			He took a deep breath. "I just... she deserves someone with an actual future, you know? Not some chav from the slums."
			"Or some mutant murderer." he thought.
			Bea smiled softly. "Connor... Do you honestly think Chloe gives a shit about any of that?"
			"No. Which is a big reason why I like her. I just..."
			"Chloe's been through a lot. Has she mentioned..."
			"Francis?"
			"Yeah." Bea sighed, her brows furrowing at the mention of his name.
			Connor nodded affirmatively.
			"Well, then you know about all of that. So, let me tell you - Chloe would be happy to be with you. She doesn't care about where you came from. She likes you, Connor. Like, *likes* you. And I... I haven't seen her like this before. And you're so good to her. Just... Think about it, okay?"
			"I will. I promise."
			"Thank you... Anyway, I'd better head off. Bloody uni." she grinned.
			Connor smiled. "It was good to catch up. And... If you need to talk about what happened with Charlie, I'm here for you."
			"Thanks." she smiled back. "I'll see you around!"
			Connor leaned back, and exhaled.
			"Am I right for Chloe?" he thought to himself.
			"Is it fair to put this double life on her?"
			"Isn't it up to her?"
			"But how can she make an informed decision?"
			He sighed, and headed off.

		Bea meets Connor
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That evening, Connor overlooked the derelict shopping centre-turned-laboratory in Halford. Sparky emerged from the shadows behind him.
			"Hey, bud." he smiled, stroking Sparky's head. 
			He wagged his tail in appreciation. "Hey! I've finished scouting it out."
			"What did you find?"
			"There are 27 people in there." Sparky continued. "15 Super-Agents, 3 normal humans in lab coats, administering syringes, and 9 other humans. I think they're waiting to be injected."
			Connor's eyes narrowed, a flicker of impatience in his gaze. "No time like the present, then."
			With that, he leapt off the edge of the building, Sparky following closely behind, landing in a fluid roll before springing into action.
			As they entered the facility, a heavy metallic door slammed open ahead of them. Super-Agent sentries, already on high alert, opened fire the moment they spotted the intruders. Bullets ricochetted off of Connor's body, harmless as they struck his toughened skin.
			Sparky's fur rippled as he darted forward, avoiding the barrage. Connor charged forward, his muscles flexing.
			A Super-Agent stepped into his path, firing a rapid volley of shots that barely made it past Connor's reflexive movements. In a single motion, Connor grabbed the Agent by the throat, lifting him off the ground as though he weighed nothing. The Agent struggled, but Connor's strength was too much. He morphed a blade from his costume.
			With a quick, fluid thrust, the blade pierced the Agent's armour, sliding through his body like butter. The Agent's eyes widened in shock as it punched through his spine and exited his back, impaling the Agent behind him as well.
			Sparky, meanwhile, was already in the midst of the fray. With a savage snarl, he pounced on one of the Super-Agents, his jaws snapping shut with brutal force around the Agent's head. There was a sickening crack as he tore the head clean off, the body collapsing lifelessly to the floor.
			Without pause, Sparky turned to another, his claws slashing through the air. He mauled the second Agent, raking through his chest with such force that he was thrown across the room. A third Agent charged, but Sparky's teeth sank into his throat, ripping through flesh and muscle with ease.
			As the pair progressed deeper into the facility, the remaining Super-Agents began to fall back, realising that they were outmatched. They tried to regroup, but Connor and Sparky moved too fast, their coordination flawless.
			One Super-Agent made the mistake of trying to flank Connor. He turned just in time to grab the Agent's arm mid-swing, twisting it violently. The Agent's scream was cut short as Connor slammed him into the ground with bone-crushing force. A swift stomp to the chest silenced him.
			Sparky was still on the hunt, his heightened senses allowing him to track the last few Super-Agents through the chaos. One tried to escape through a side door, but Sparky was faster. With a burst of speed, he leapt through the air, landing on the Agent's back and sinking his teeth into his neck. The Agent struggled, but Sparky's jaws tightened, and within moments, the Agent's resistance ceased.
			The final Super-Agent made a desperate attempt to use a grenade as a suicide bomb, but Connor was there in an instant. He grabbed the Agent by the wrist, twisting it with enough force to snap the bone. The grenade fell to the floor, harmless.
			Connor morphed a blade, and drove it through the Agent's skull.
			He looked down at his hands, and saw them shaking.
			"Hey..." he whispered to Sparky. "Look. Shaking like a normal man."
			Sparky trotted over and inspected. "You okay?" he asked.
			"I don't know." Connor whispered. "But I will be."
			With the last of the Super-Agents neutralised, Connor and Sparky made their way to the lab's exit. The sound of sirens grew louder in the distance. Connor paused, glancing at Sparky.
			"All Super-Agents dead. Just the humans left." Sparky barked.
			"Time to go." Connor nodded. "The Detective can handle them."
			Sparky nodded, and the pair left. The police arrived just as the duo disappeared into the night.

			Meanwhile in Belson, Chloe made a grand discovery.
			She peered into a sample of the Werewolf's blood through a microscope.
			"Jones. Jones!" she shouted. Her supervisor rushed over.
			"Look here! Can you see what I'm seeing?"
			He looked in, and squinted for a good while.
			"Oh my god. That's not..."
			"It is." she nodded.
			"We'd better tell the boss."

			Up in Morland's office, the two scientists began their presentation.
			"We've found out what it is about the super-serum that makes people, well, super." Jones began.
			"I'm listening." Morland asked.
			"These cells here--" Chloe pointed to the board, "--are part of the Werewolf's immune system. They appear to be crucial in his repair and regeneration system - hence why we've heard reports of people being injected with the serum and healing old injuries. But the marvelous thing is how they work... They're smart. As in, they connect to the nervous system directly. They use the brain as a command centre for their repairs. When injected into a living host, they take orders from the brain. They look at the host's DNA, and assume their body has suffered severe damage to its DNA and physiology - so they get to work, trying to 'fix the damage.' Other, 'natural' brains don't have the ability the Werewolf does to direct them properly, meaning they can only do their best - but that seems to be enough, if creatures like the Giant are any indication."
			Morland grinned devilishly. "Excellent. Begin animal testing right away."
			"Of course, sir." Jones nodded. Chloe stifled a gasp, but steeled herself.

		Halford
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The Werewolves sailed on the valley winds, finally arriving at Rydon Tower.
			"Haven't done this in a while." Sparky grinned.
			"We should do it more often." Connor nodded. "It's been too long."
			"A lot's happened. Besides, we already stopped Gambit's Agent factory tonight."
			"There's still a hundred little things going on down there for us to stop." said Connor, grimly. "You take Caldermouth - with the cops out of commission, there's been a spike of muggings down there. I'll handle Belson - now Vitale's out of jail, he'll need time to reassert his control over northside, so I'll weaken the Patriots in the area."
			"Are we sure we wanna help out the Grins?" asked Sparky.
			"Better the devil you know." Connor shrugged. "Call me if you need me."
			"You, too." the wolf smiled. The pair dived off, and glided into the night.

			"Alright, cunt - open the till." one thug barked.
			"Okay, okay, I'm doing it." the young cashier sweated before the barrel of his gun.
			"Quicker. My finger's getting itchy."
			"*Hey.*" a voice snapped through the haze. The thugs whipped around to face it.
			"The fuck?!"
			"That ain't the Werewolf!"
			*BANG!* went his gun. The bullet pinged off, and buried itself in the floor.
			Amy's gauntlets crackled with electricity, as she stepped forwards.

			The gunshot had already drawn Connor's attention, as he turned in the air to get close. The sound of jittering screams only further worried him, so he launched his grapple and ripped through the sky, slamming into the ground outside.
			The two thugs' unconscious bodies were thrown out, as the armoured suit sauntered after them.
			Connor's eyes flashed red, as he scanned the Crusader armour. Amy's blood ran cold.
			"Amy?!" he gasped, recognising her smell.
			"Shit. I, uh... I can explain!"
			Connor shot his grapple at her with one hand, and a rooftop with another. He brought her up, and dragged her to a private spot above the city streets.
			"What the fuck are you doing?! Are you trying to get yourself killed?!" he snapped, unmorphing his mask.
			She likewise took off her helm, shaking her hair free.
			"No, that's why I'm wearing a bulletproof suit." she snarked.
			"Don't play silly fuckers. What do you think you're doing?!"
			"Helping." she said firmly.
			"By stealing my suit--"
			"Borrowing."
			"--and rolling up into an armed robbery?!"
			"Someone had to do something!" she countered. Come on, you even told me how you've been so focused on them, you haven't had the time to go after street thugs. That's where I can help!"
			"Amy..." he sighed. "That's not what I meant. The fact that I'm struggling to find the time is no excuse for *this!* You could've got yourself killed!"
			"So could you! Every single night! But it's not okay for me?!" she pushed.
			"It's different!"
			"Different how?!"
			"I can heal, Amy! I can take way more damage than you! And when you lose a limb, it stays off!"
			"Well, I'm not going after those super-fuckers! Just pricks like that!"
			"They still had guns! Besides, what if the suit ran out of power? Or if it malfunctioned? It's still a prototype!"
			"Then that's a risk I'll have to accept!" she nodded firmly.
			"No way. I'm not having you risk your neck like this!"
			"It's not even my first night out! When you were locked up, I took the suit for a spin. I'm good at this!"
			"...you did *what?!*"
			"Get off your high horse." she scowled. "If it were anyone else doing this, you'd be thanking them and heading off. But what, because it's me, it's different?"
			"I--" he stammered.
			"I don't need you being all overprotective on me! I just... I just thought you'd be proud of me." she sighed.
			"Amy, of course I'm proud of you. But--"
			"Cut the sentimental bullshit. You know what I mean. I've always looked up to you, ever since we were kids."
			"I'm only 6 months older than--"
			"Shut. Up. Look... when we were little, you always knew who you were. Sure, the world didn't always accept you, but you never let that stop you from being... you. And I never really found myself before, so I idolised you in that way."
			"I remember. But... You don't need to... follow in my footsteps, or whatever."
			"That's not what this is. I mean, you've said yourself that you have these powers, which means you have a responsibility to use them to help people. Or put another way, if you can do something good, you should do it. And I can do this."
			"Yeah, but... you could get yourself killed doing this."
			"Yeah, and if those super-fuckers cut your head off, then what?"
			"That's a risk I have to take! Not you!"
			"WHY NOT?!"
			"BECAUSE I NEED YOU!"
			The silence hung in the air for a moment. Both siblings breathed heavily, as if they were trading physical blows.
			"I need you, Amy. I need my sister safe. If you're doing this... I can't protect you."
			She sniffled, and leaned back against a wall.
			"You can't always protect me, Connor. And the truth is, I'm not doing this to impress you, or anything. I'm doing it because... because doing good things makes me feel good. Sometimes that means working in the dog shelter, sometimes that means beating the piss out of skinheads. Please. Please let me do this. Let me help. I... I know the risks. And I think it's worth them."
			Connor paused for a long while.

			This was his little sister.
			A human.
			A civilian - one of the citizens of Drackhill he swore to protect.
			Mortal.

			She was also one of the strongest people he knew.

			"...You don't fight any superhumans." he finally spoke. "You stick to street thugs *only.* And you never, *ever* assault a location without backup from me or Sparky. And for the love of God, do some training lessons with me before you go out again. Your hand-to-hand is sloppy."
			"You... you mean it?" she asked, her eyes damp.
			"If I said no, you'd steal the suit anyway. At least this way I can keep an eye on you." he sighed, folding his arms.
			He wanted to believe that was the reason - that he was only reluctantly accepting the things he could not change.
			It was a lie. His steel-grey eyes flickered with pride.
			She squeed in excitement, and wrapped him in an embrace. He held her tightly, and closed his eyes.

		A New Hero
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Naismith and Nina stood in a briefing room with Mayor Helen Ward, sitting at her desk. They were standing to attention.
			"Good evening, both. After the Dorcey fiasco, I've been up to my eyeballs in paperwork - so I've not been able to meet with you both." she began, cringing slightly at Dorsey's name, clearly feeling no sympathy for his death.
			Nina clicked her heels in respect. Ward nodded and smiled.
			Naismith bowed his head respectfully. Ward likewise nodded.
			"How has Acting Chief Constable Tulloch been faring?" she asked.
			"He's good, ma'am. But, with so few numbers in the force after the... 'incident,' he's struggling, to be frank."
			"Of course." Ward nodded. "Now, let's get down to brass tacks, if I may - you two have been, as I understand it, the core officers working on this 'Werewolf' case, is that right?"
			"Yes, that's correct, Ma'am." Naismith began. "We have been working this case for around 2 months now."
			"Specifically, we were first assigned on the 9th of November." Nina addded.
			Ward smiled. "Impressive memory, Constable."
			Nina nodded humbly.
			"Anyway..." Ward continued. "It would seem that, well, to be blunt... the case isn't going well, is it?" she asked, studying their reactions.
			"The progress has been... Limited, ma'am." Nina said awkwardly.
			"Ma'am, if I may?" Naismith began. Ward nodded.
			"Well, Ma'am, I know Dorsey's rap sheet is already a mile long... but he was hindering our inquiry. It was his decision to bring in a private company, Morland Genetics, as opposed to escalating this to a government agency." Naismith explained, trying not to seem like he was making excuses.
			"You have the floor, Inspector." Ward motioned for him to continue, intrigued to see where this would go.
			"Well, we were forbidden from directly collaborating with Morland, Ma'am. In addition, we were not permitted to investigate any leads regarding the targets of the Werewolf - our only task was to locate, identify, and either capture, or eliminate him." Naismith began. "Knowing that Dorsey was involved in illicit sexual activity, with a trafficking ring that appears to have ties to a criminal conspiracy the Werewolf has been targeting... I would like to formally request that the remit of our investigation be expanded, and that we be permitted full access to Morland's work, Ma'am."
			Ward leant back in her chair, deep in thought. Finally, she spoke.
			"You are asking to be allowed to investigate his victims?" she asked.
			"I am asking to be allowed to consider all avenues in the pursuit of justice, Ma'am." he replied.
			"And you, Constable? What are your views?" Ward asked, turning to Nina - eager to hear her opinion.
			"Ma'am." Nina replied, preparing to speak. "While our mission of course remains to identify the vigilante known as the Werewolf and bring him to justice, it is clear that there are several criminal elements at play that need to be investigated."
			Ward smiled. She turned, now adressing both. "And why do you wish to have full access to Morland?"
			"Ma'am..." Naismith began, choosing his words carefully. "I don't know if you've read the reports on the... on the capabilities of both the Werewolf, and his enemies?" he asked, realising he didn't use the word "victims."
			"I have, Inspector. And I agree, they are troubling." Ward answered.
			"Ma'am, if I may?" Nina asked timidly.
			"Be my guest, Constable." Ward replied.
			"Thank you, Ma'am. While it is unfortunate that the late Chief Constable chose to bring in Morland, we are now bound to work with them, or we risk the data they have collected being leaked. Were we to be working with a government laboratory, we would have access to their findings without question or delay. I believe the same should apply here, Ma'am."
			Ward smiled - impressed by Nina's courage. "Very good points, Constable. However, as you know, this is no ordinary genetic analysis being done. The data on these 'superhumans' is highly classified, confidential information - incredibly dangerous, if it made its way into the wrong hands."
			"Be that as it may, Ma'am... Without that data, we are unable to effectively discharge our duties." Nina stood firm.
			Ward smirked - she passed the test. She nodded. "I will see to it that you both have full access. And I shall arrange a briefing from Morland to be performed within the week."
			"Thank you, Ma'am." both officers replied, breathing a sigh of relief.
			"One more thing." Ward began. "It has not escaped my attention that you both have impressive service records - particularly, Constable, given your relative lack of time here. Therefore, I will contact Chief Tulloch to make it official, but in the time being, I am hereby granting you both promotions. PC Chowdhury, I am hereby making you an acting Police Sergeant. DI Naismith, I am hereby making you an acting DCI."
			"I... Thank you, Ma'am! I won't let you down!" Nina replied, her face alight with pride.
			"Thank you, Ma'am. I... I really appreciate it. We will not fail." Naismith said, surprised and pleased that an executive was finally recognising him.
			She sighed. "And lastly... Desperate times call for desperate measures, so in my capacity as commissioner of the Drackhill Valley Police Force, I have been in contact with the home office. We have agreed to restore order by having patrol officers seconded from neighbouring forces to fill in our gaps, but more importantly... we have been authorised to form a new, special task force. Tactical Operations team 24 - TO-24. DCI Naismith, I am hereby assigning command of this unit to you. Given the previous... institutional concerns... I have decided that TO-28 will report directly to me."
			"Thank you, Ma'am." Naismith said graciously. "We won't let you down."
			"Godspeed, officers." Ward smiled.
			With that, the two officers clicked their heels in salute, and left.

			"That went very well, sir! Or should I say, Detective Chief Inspector!" Nina began, almost giddy with excitement.
			"It did indeed, Sergeant Chowdhury." Naismith replied, smirking. "You carried yourself very well in there."
			"Really? Oh, thank you, sir." Nina blushed slightly.
			"You're going to do well, Nina." he smiled, his tone uncharacteristically warm. "You've got a sharp mind."
			Nina beamed, but her cheeks flushed again. "I still can't quite believe it, sir. Sergeant... and you, DCI."
			She laughed softly, shaking her head. "Can you imagine? Me, ordering people around!"
			Naismith chuckled at the thought. "You'll be fine. You've got the smarts, and the people skills. Just don't let them think you're a pushover."
			Her look turned conspiratorial. "The Werewolf has helped us more times than I care to count, now. Are we really gonna try and catch him?"
			"He broke you and Ward out of the station only a couple weeks ago." Naismith shrugged. "I doubt she wants him behind bars. No... it's a new era, Nina. And Drackhill needs its heroes."
			"Then let's do all we can to be counted among them." Nina nodded firmly.
			"Yes, ma'am." he smiled warmly.

		Naismith makes DCI
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The next evening, the gang hit the streets on a pub crawl. Trey shambled over to Connor.
			"La-di-da." he began in a fake Irish accent. "Sing us a song, Paddy!"
			Connor laughed. "You're lucky I won't stoop to calling you slurs, you know."
			"Wait. Paddy's a slur?" Trey asked, shocked.
			"Well, it can be used as one. It's not the worst thing you can call a random Irishman, but it's certainly not the nicest either." Connor explained.
			"But Vince used to use the word Paddy all the time!" Trey replied, genuinely confused. Bea laughed.
			"Trey, how many rappers with our skin tone use words starting with N that this pasty lot can't?" she chuckled. She was stone-cold sober - only Connor could claim the same.
			Trey's eyes widened. "Oh fuck! It's that bad? I'm so sorry!" he drunkenly hugged Connor, who laughed.
			"Trey, Paddy is nowhere near as bad as the N-word." Shannon chimed in. "If it were, it'd be called the P-word."
			The group giggled.
			"Okay." Trey said, thinking. He grinned. "Sing us a song, Person of Irish Heritage and Culture!"
			Connor cackled at that. "You know what? On second thoughts, Paddy is fine!"
			With that, he thought for a bit, before picking out a decent rebel tune to sing.

			"Go on home, British soldiers, go on home!
			Have you got no fuckin' homes of your own?
			For 800 years,
			We fought you without fear,
			And we'd fight you for 800 more!
			
			And if you stay, British soldiers, if you stay,
			You'll never, ever beat the IRA!
			For all those kids in Derry,
			Are the last that you will bury!
			So take a tip, and leave us while you may!
			
			Oh, we'll fight some British soldiers for the cause!
			We'll never bow to soldiers, because,
			Throughout our history,
			We're born to be free,
			So get out, you British bastards, leave us be!
			
			We're not Saxons, we're not British, we're not English!
			We're Irish, and proud we are to be!
			So fuck your Union Jack!
			We want our country back!
			It's our land, and Ireland it will be!"

			Finishing his performance, the group clapped in glee.
			Chloe hugged Connor and kissed his cheek. They both seemed surprised by her sudden act of affection, but they blushed, and smiled.
			"Speaking of - you're a bad influence on me, Mr. Barrett." she began cheekily.
			"Oh?" Connor cocked an eyebrow.
			"In our ecopathology lesson, we were asked to, and I quote, 'Name the parasite that caused the Irish Potato Famine.' I had to stop myself from saying 'the English.'"
			Connor roared with laughter. "I mean, it's true!"

			With that, a group of men in Patriot leathers approached.
			"OI! Paddy!" one of them shouted.
			"Hey! Only I get to call him Paddy!" Trey drunkenly barked back.
			"Shut the fuck up, nigger!" the other replied. The gang closed ranks, with Trey, Amy, and Connor - the best fighters - moving to the front.
			"You lot! I ain't gonna sugar-coat it - give me all your fuckin' money." another shouted. The thugs brandished knives and clubs.
			The gang sighed.
			"Guys, just... just do what they say." Trey grumbled, taking out his wallet.
			"Trey's right. It's not worth getting hurt over." Bea agreed.
			Chloe nodded, taking off her bag.
			Connor sighed. He looked their leader in the eyes, spat on the ground, and raised his fists. In an older time, he would've thrown down his gauntlet.
			"Connor?" Chloe asked, shocked. "There's loads of them! What are you thinking?!"
			"I've got this." Connor grinned, with the devil in his eye. 
			Amy, Trey, and Shannon silently nodded - the burden of being the only humans who knew about his powers was easier to bear when he was about to kick ass.

			"Looks like they have one tough guy! Come on then!" the Patriots jeered.
			"Hang on, Tim! That's him!" one shouted. "He's one of their enforcers!"
			Connor grinned, and effortlessly swiped that one's legs from the ground.
			With expert reflexes, he disarmed each assailant. He ended up with two baseball bats in his hands, and used them to knock out each member. One Patriot fell onto a metal bin, covering himself in wastage. The bin lid rolled on the ground and stopped at Connor's feet.
			Amy joined the fray, slide-tackling one. Connor grinned, gave her a nod, and the two fought like professionals - expertly coordinating their assault. Before long, Trey jumped in too.
			"Go on, guys! Kick their arses!" Shannon cheered. Chloe and Bea looked at her, bemused.
			"What?" she shrugged, grinning.
			Suddenly, time froze for Connor, as he heard a distinct click. He looked over, and realised that the last man had drawn a revolver and was preparing to fire.
			BANG!
			The bullet tore through the air. Connor turned, and shoved Trey and Amy out of its trajectory. In less than a milisecond, he deduced that it'd hit the wall behind him, and ricochet into the ground. Based on that, it was safe for him to dodge it, as there was no risk to his friends - and simply letting it shoot him would give him away. He even took a moment to find amusement in how he'd deduced all this in a milisecond - and was even further amused that he had time to be amused. He stopped wasting infinite time, and turned to dodge the bullet. It ripped through his shirt, grazing his abdomen. He kicked the bin lid into the air and wielded it like a shield, blocking the incoming shots - before launching it like a frisbee at the gunman's head, knocking him down.
			Chloe screamed and rushed towards him, as he unloaded the revolver and tossed it away. Bea likewise ran over, panicked. The others merely feigned concern for their nigh-immortal friend.
			"Oh my god! Connor, are you okay?! Please, stay with me..." Chloe begged. Connor placed his hand on where the bullet landed - it hit his belly, and, upon making contact with his muscles and skin, lost all momentum. It managed to create a nasty looking indent, along with friction burns, but it didn't stick. He lifted his palm up, revealing only minimal blood.
			"What? How did you..." Chloe began.
			"It missed, thank god." Connor replied. "I'm okay - it stings, but I'm fine."
			He feigned the pain - he wasn't hurt, but he had to pretend that he was. He wanted so desperately to just come clean and tell everyone about what he was - but he couldn't. Not yet.
			Chloe sat him down on a bench and inspected the wound, fighting back tears of shock and fear.
			"You... You're okay." she said, catching her breath. "You're going to be fine. We'll patch you up back at Trey's house."
			Bea got off the phone to the police.
			"I've called them - they'll be here in a minute to arrest the pigs. So, we'd best get out of here if we don't wanna spend all night in interview rooms." she said. With that, they headed back to Trey's.

			Back at Trey's, Sparky, who was waiting there, jumped up. "Hey guys! How was your night?"
			He noticed Connor's wound. "Oh my goodness! Is everyone else okay?" he asked, unconcerned - to these two, being shot was a Tuesday.
			"Hey buddy..." Connor smiled,stroking him.
			"He's okay, buddy..." Chloe began, more to reassure herself.
			"There's a first aid kit in that cupboard there - we can patch you up with that." Trey said.
			
			Connor sat on a dining chair in the kitchen while Chloe applied the bandages.
			"You'll be fine." she said, again more to calm herself than him. "You're taking this remarkably well."
			"Well, I guess I'm still surprised... I've never been shot before, I guess I expected it would be more painful." he shrugged, hating the lie. He just wanted to tell her the truth - "Yeah, I get shot practically every evening. I'm used to it."
			"I just... That was really, really stupid." she began, with an anger borne of worry.
			"I'm sorry." he looked downwards. "I'm just sick of their bullshit. They've been getting worse - someone had to stand up to them."
			"Like your uncle did?" she asked him pointedly.
			Connor paused. "Yeah."
			She sighed. "You're not the Werewolf, Connor. What if it hadn't missed?"
			He looked away, guiltily. "I'm sorry."
			She looked down, then back up, into his eyes. "Just... next time you wanna play hero, make sure you're wearing something bulletproof."
			Connor laughed. "From now on, I'll only be out at night wearing a suit of armour."
			She smiled, and looked down, allowing her emotions to return. "I..." she teared up. "I thought you were going to die..."
			"Hah... Can't get rid of me that easily. Bad penny, I am." he chuckled. Chloe chuckled too, but hers was subdued.
			"I just... That was terrifying. I..." her voice shook. "I thought I would lose you."
			Connor took her hand and pushed it onto his chest - making a subtle effort to place it on the left side, and not the right, where his second heart fluttered. She leaned in, resting her forehead on his.
			"I'm going nowhere." he said, looking into her eyes. They embraced.
			Connor opened his eyes, to see Trey and Amy stood in the doorway. Both were grinning, and nodded, mouthing words of approval. Connor silently motioned for them to go away, and smirked.
			They ducked out from the doorway, and smiled giddily.
			"They really do care about each other, eh? Like, sickeningly so. We should sell tickets." Amy began, grinning. "About time Connor just admitted he likes her."
			"Tell me about it. I just wish they'd quit faffing about and get together." Trey nodded.
			"I'll say." Bea agreed, joining in. "I keep telling her, just ask him out."
			"You push her, we'll push him - soon enough they'll have 8 kids and a cat." quipped Shannon.
			Sparky brushed up against her leg.
			"Hah, and a big ol' wolfie." she said. Sparky yapped affirmatively.
			"I have an idea..." Amy began, smirking deviously.

		Pub Crawl Shooting/Chloe treats his wounds
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was late, now. The gang had just finished a raucous game of poker, and were starting to settle down.
			Trey, now more drunk than before, piped up.
			"Okay. So when are you two actually going to admit it?" he asked, facing Connor and Chloe. They looked up at him, confused.
			"Admit what?"
			"That you like each other." he grinned. They both blushed.
			"Oh--I... Well, of course we like each other!" Connor replied defensively. "We all like each other, I mean..."
			"Y-yeah, exactly." Chloe nodded, stuttering in agreement. "It--It's not... Yeah..."
			The others chuckled, their hearts warmed. Bea chimed in.
			"Chlo, we all see it." she said, half-teasingly, half-encouragingly. Chloe blushed even harder, wilting away slightly.
			With that, Amy looked at over at the others, and nodded. Time for the plan to be sprung into motion...
			She stood. "I'm gonna go smoke up - you guys wanna join?"
			"Yeah, sounds good." Shannon nodded, hiding her grin.
			"I'm down." Trey replied eagerly. "Connor, come with - the fresh air will sort out that blush of yours."
			"Hah, I... okay." Connor replied, his blushing only getting harder. He headed outside with them. 

			With that, Bea moved to sit on the sofa.
			"Chlo..." she began.
			"Hah, what's this?" Chloe chuckled nervously.
			"Why don't you just tell him you like him?" she asked, her voice compassionate.
			"Huh? I mean, I did. I do like him, he's a really good friend, I... whew, it's hot in here, eh?"
			"You know what I mean." Bea nodded softly. "I've never seen you like the way you are with him."
			"I..." Chloe began, before taking a deep breath. "Okay, fine... Yes, I like him. I *really* like him. But, I mean, it's not like I have much of a chance, is it?"
			Bea snorted with laughter. "Are you joking? He's so hot for you, the sofa has scorch marks!"
			"Hah..." Chloe chuckled shyly. "I wouldn't go that far... I mean he's lovely to me, but maybe he's just being friendly? I mean, why would..." she trailed off, but Bea put her hand on her shoulder, wordlessly encouraging her to continue.
			"Why would someone as great as him be into someone like me?" she asked, tears welling in her eyes. Bea pulled Chloe in for a hug.
			"Chloe. You are gorgeous. You are kind, and smart, and funny, and you deserve to be happy."
			"But..."
			"I get it. What Francis did... It's getting in the way, isn't it?"
			"Not what he did. I can survive that." she shook her head, tears beginning to crawl down her cheek, pooling in her scar. "It's... me. All my baggage. He... He doesn't deserve to deal with that. It's not fair on him. And we're such good friends - I'm scared I'll lose that, too."
			"Chloe..." Bea replied, stroking her arm. "You know it's his choice at the end of the day. And besides, Connor's a great guy - you think if you put all your cards on the table, even if he said no, that he wouldn't still want to be your friend? And, if you do think that of him - what do you even see in him?"
			Chloe thought for a moment. "You... You're right. Connor is such a kind person. It's... It's insulting of me to think he wouldn't accept me for who I am. He's never given me any reason to believe that. The opposite - he's helped me to stop hiding myself so much. I... I owe it to him to at least let him have the choice."
			Bea smiled. "So tell him."

			Out in the garden, the rest of the gang were smoking a joint. Sparky was laid on the grass.
			"Calm?" Trey asked.
			"Yeah. Not even from the joint, just... Needed some air." he said, wistfully. "Besides, I think I metabolise drugs too fast to be affected."
			"So, why don't you just tell her?" Amy asked.
			"Tell her what?" Connor replied evasively.
			"Don't play silly fuckers." she smirked.
			"Well... I mean, she's gorgeous. Intelligent. Funny. And kind. So, so kind."
			"Those don't sound like reasons not to tell her." Shannon frowned.
			"I know why." Trey began.
			"You do?"
			"It's the lie, isn't it?" he gave a sympathetic look. "You wanna tell her who - what - you really are."
			"...yeah." he admitted.
			"You can't do that. Not yet." Amy said firmly.
			"Exactly. Which is why I can't be with her." he sighed.
			"Don't you think, after all you've been through... you deserve some happiness?" Shannon asked.
			"What about her? What does she deserve? A boy who kills, and lies about it?" he pressed back.
			"She certainly doesn't deserve the status quo." Trey said softly. "You like her, she likes you. And she knows you like her, too. And she's way too nervous to ask you out, so... maybe keeping her in emotional limbo isn't right, either."
			"I can't win." Connor lamented. "I get close, she gets hurt. I stay distant, she gets hurt."
			"She already knows plenty." Amy began gently. "She knows about the Syndicate. She knows you work 'with' the Werewolf. Hell, she even knows about Laverty. And she's accepted all of it."
			"That's not how informed decisions work." he sighed.
			"I know. But I also know she'd accept you if she knew. She just... she can't. Not yet - not while her workplace is still tied to those psychos."
			He looked out at the sky wistfully, and took a deep, deep breath.
			"Go in." Trey pushed. "You wanna be honest with her? Start by telling her how you feel about her. She deserves to know *that,* at least."

			With that, the gang took the other door, meeting with Bea in the kitchen, to give the two lovebirds some privacy. Amy silently cheered, glad that her plan had gone so well - and she prayed to the universe that the final touch worked.
			Connor entered, seeing Chloe sat alone on the sofa, deep in thought. He sat next to her, startling her slightly.
			"Oh, sorry, I..." he began, blushing.
			"Oh, no no it's okay, sorry..." she replied, even redder than him.
			"So, I--" they said in unison. "No, you first---" they went again, and chuckled.
			Connor took a deep breath. "Chloe, um..." He steeled himself. "Would you like to go on a date with me?"
			Chloe smiled a deep, warm smile. His hearts skipped their beats.
			"I would love to."
			He took a breath of relief. "I--really? I mean, that's great." he beamed. "W-when's good for you?"
			She smiled back. "Does Friday after I finish work sound good for you?"
			"Yeah, absolutely. D-did you have anything you'd like to do, or..."
			Chloe chuckled happily. "Yeah - I have an idea. I'll text you the day before?"
			"That sounds great." Connor said, smiling warmly. "I... I'm sorry I didn't ask sooner."
			Chloe smiled back, beaming with excitement. "Don't be. I'm just... I'm really happy you asked me."
			The two hugged, and pressed their foreheads against each other once more. Their heartbeats synchronised, and their blushes started to blend away - indeed, the whole world faded. Time slowed to a crawl. They embraced, wanting the moment to last forever.
			With that, the gang re-entered, playing it as cool as possible.
			Connor and Chloe giggled, holding hands on the sofa.
			"Oh thank fuck." Amy said, causing the whole gang to cheer. Even Sparky howled with excitement.
			With that, the gang resumed their earlier revelry, lasting well into the night.

		About time!

	Fragile Hearts
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			April, 1996. A young woman got off a bus. She had a travel bag with her. As she stepped off, a younger Vince, in his 20s, rushed over and hugged her. She hugged him back.
			"Laura..." Vince said softly.
			"Vince..." she replied, hugging tightly.
			Vince grabbed her travel bag, and the two began walking.
			"I'm sorry... I'm sorry it was such short notice." she said.
			"No, not at all. You know I'm always here for you, sis." Vince replied.
			Laura smiled sadly.
			"What happened, Laura? What's wrong?"
			"I..." she began, tearing up. "I can't..."
			Vince smiled sadly at her. "It's okay. We'll talk when you're strong enough."
			The pair made it to Vince's apartment. Vince made her a cup of tea, which she held in both hands.
			"So, listen. You can stay here as long as you need. I'll take the sofa." 
			"No, no, Vince. I'll take the sofa, it's fine." she protested.
			"Sis..." Vince began, "It's okay. The bed's crap."
			The pair had a chuckle at that.
			Vince grabbed a bottle of whiskey.
			"Glass?" he offered her. She shook her head.
			"That's the thing, Vince... I..." she began.
			Vince leaned in, listening.
			"I'm pregnant." she admitted.
			Vince stood in stunned silence for a minute, before pouring himself a drink.
			He downed it, and sat with her.
			"Who's the father?" he asked.
			"No one you know." Laura replied, looking away. "Just... Just some bloke over in America."
			"Did he hurt you?" Vince asked firmly.
			"Vince... Don't..."
			"Who is he?" Vince continued, his voice cold and wrathful.
			"No." Laura said firmly. "I know you. And if I tell you, you'll go after him. And he *will* kill you."
			"I'll fuckin' kill him." Vince growled. "Who the fuck is he?"
			"VINCE!" Laura barked, snapping him out of it. "You. Can't. Fight. Him."
			"Why not?" he pleded.
			"It's complicated." she sighed. "All you need to know is that you can't fight him."
			Vince sat there in silence for a moment.
			"So..." he began. "What are you going to do?"
			"What do you mean?"
			"You know damn well what I mean."
			"No. Absolutely not." Laura folded her arms and legs. "Not happening."
			"Laura. We're not in the Bogside. No one gives a shite if you get an abortion."
			"We're still in the UK. I can't prove I was violated, and there's no sign it's a risk to my life." Laura countered.
			"Laura, I fuckin' know people. I can get you the medicines - proper good medicine, from France."
			"I don't care." Laura snapped back. "I don't want to get an abortion, Vince."
			"Why not? And don't start with the whole Jesus crap."
			"I'm not. I don't give a shite about religion, you know that. I just... I don't want one. It's my choice." she replied firmly.
			Vince sighed. "Okay. I just... I want you to know, I wouldn't blame you if you did."
			"I know." she smiled sadly, hugging him. They both sat back, and looked downwards.
			"Look, what happened... It was the worst thing that ever happened to me." she began. "The way I see it, this is a way to make something good out of it. Otherwise, I suffered for nothing. You know?"
			"I get it..." Vince sighed.
			Laura sipped her tea, which had gone cold.
			"I know it's too soon, but... I've already thought of names." she said, forcing a half-smile.
			Vince chuckled. "Have you now?"
			"Yeah." Laura replied. "If it's a girl, I'll call her Sophie."
			"And if it's a boy?"
			"I'm thinking... Connor."

		Laura returns
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was your typical evening in Drackhill.
			That is, the rain was pouring, the sun was hiding, and a gaggle of thugs were hauling crate after crate.
			Each box had fake shipping labels - and very real warning ones.
			"Oi, Donny. Who are these pricks we're sellin' to?" one scarred, bald man quizzed of his leader.
			"Gambit Security. And Mick? Don't call 'em 'pricks' when they rock up, alright?"
			Mick scoffed, cracking open one crate with his crowbar.
			Black metal glinted in the dim warehouse lights. He picked one up - an army-grade assault rifle - and grinned.
			He felt a kick to the back of his legs, as Donny snatched it from him.
			"Idiot." he scowled. "If this stuff has so much as a scratch, they'll send a mutant to cut off your cock."
			"Yeah, right. You really believe in all that shit?"
			"I've *seen* it." a third goon began. He took a drag on his cigarette, and sighed.
			"He comes from the shadows - all quiet, like. When you first clap eyes on 'im, he looks human - but then he *changes...*"
			"Into what?"
			"Indeed... into what?"
			"Shut the fuck up, Carl." Donny snapped. "Quit fuckin' with the boys and start unloading."
			"Whatever you say, boss."

			Above them, in the rafters, two figures moved fast. One, clad in black kevlar, his red eyes striking through the air as his trenchcoat fluttered. The other, in cerametallic armour, flexing her gauntlets as they crackled in the shadows.
			With that, they moved.
			"Alright, team - Gambit are ETA 15 minutes." Shannon spoke over the commline. "Recommend you neutralise the humans as quick as you can."
			"Copy that." Connor nodded. He crept up behind one sentry who was patrolling around the maze of crates, and grabbed his wrist, before covering his mouth.
			"Make any noise, and I'll break every bone in your body." he snarled lowly.
			"I-I'll do anything you want..." the goon sputtered in terror.
			"Call your boss. Tell him to come here."
			"B-boss? There's something you need to see..." he stammered.
			"What?" Donny barked.
			"I-it's better if I show you..."
			Donny drew his pistol suspiciously. "You two, with me."
			At that, Connor wrapped his hostage in a chokehold. He struggled for a moment, but quickly went limp. A slam to the head had him down for the count. He quickly dragged him out of view, and waited.
			"Amy, you ready?" he whispered over the comms.
			"Ready." she nodded, swallowing her fear from the rafters.
			"Shannon?"
			"On your signal."
			The trio of goons arrived, and their eyes darted around.
			"Oi! Eddie! Where are ya?"
			"Stupid prick, playin' pranks..."
			"Now." Connor growled.
			The dim lights had provided some visibility to the humans present. Now, however, the warehouse plunged into darkness.
			"Power's been cut." Shannon reported.
			"Amy - go time."
			She grinned under her helm, and dropped from the ceiling.

			Her first strike was hardly an elegant one - her nanotube-reinforced boots planted atop Mick's head.
			In his panic, Donny grabbed his gun, and fired into the shadows. The first two shots missed - the third ricocheted off her chestplate, hitting into a wall.
			Carl grabbed Mick's crowbar, and charged, roaring.

			*CLANG!*
			"Ah, you prick!" Amy hissed, as Connor lowered the training stick. She rubbed the side of her neck softly.
			"Don't let your guard down next time." he said firmly. "Your armour's tough, but it's far from invincible. And it's much, much softer around the joints - especially the neck."
			"Why can't you just give me more neck armour, then?" she snarked.
			"Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you *liked* being able to breathe." he grinned. "Again."
			She readied her power-fists, and the two clashed once more.

			*CLANG!*
			Carl's crowbar rang out loudly, as her gauntlet's grip snatched it from him.
			"Good... very good..." Connor smiled encouragingly, perched atop a crate.
			"HOLY SHIT! THE FUCKIN' WEREWOLF'S HERE TOO!" Donny screamed. Amy's electified gauntlets quickly turned his cries into jittering mumbles.
			Carl jumped back, rolling over a crate. He took cover behind it, and grabbed a shotgun.
			"GET DOWN!" Connor barked.
			Too late.
			*CHK-CHK!*
			*BANG!*

			"Remember, the armour's a lot tougher than you are. Sure, smaller-caliber rounds won't do much, but from more powerful firearms, the kinetic energy has to end up *somewhere.*" Connor explained.
			"How do *you* manage with those, then?" she asked.
			"Very messily." he chuckled.

			"AMY!" he roared, pouncing into the fray.
			She slammed backwards as the pellets whacked into her torso. The wind shot out of her lungs, and she spluttered and coughed.
			Connor's eyes flashed a burning crimson. He raised up Carl by the throat, and then slammed him down head-first into the ground.
			He sank to his knees, and brought don a hammer strike to the face. And another. And another.
			"Hey! Stop!" Amy choked, grabbing him.
			He looked up, and took a deep breath as his eyes dimmed. Carl let out a bloody, ragged spit.
			"He'll live. And hopefully learn." Connor sighed, rising.

			"So... run me through the rules on killing, one more time." she asked.
			"It's very simple. You don't kill." he folded his arms.
			"But you can?"
			"It's... different." he began uncomfortably. "Super-Agents - they can't be taken down non-lethally. And if I'm running a hitman job, then... well, the world's a better place without the scum I go after. But regular, street-level goons? They're off limits."
			She nodded, absorbing the lecture.

			"Guys, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but Gambit is TA." Shannon worriedly said over the commline.
			"Copy that." Connor nodded, scanning the outside. A van pulled up - its passengers were a pair of Super-Agents.
			"Amy - get out of here." he barked.
			"No way. I'm still good to go! Just had to catch my breath." she shook her head.
			"Amy - those are Super-Agents. You're not fighting them." he said firmly.
			"...fine." she sighed, shrinking into the shadows.
			Connor's blades morphed out from his wrists with a *SHK!* noise, and he firmly planted his feet.
			"Oh, for fuck's sake..." one Agent sighed. "The Traitor's here."
			"Hey, we could get lucky. Imagine - the two lowly Agents who took down the Betrayer!" the other snarled excitedly.
			Connor's eyes flashed red.

			"Okay, so... why can't I help you with them?" she tilted her head.
			"Firstly, because it's way too dangerous. Super-Agents are trained killers, augmented beyond human abilties. Even with the suit, they can match you for strength; and they're way more agile than you. Worse, they know that suit inside out - they'll know exactly where the armour's weakest, and how to catch you off-guard. If you *ever* see Super-Agents on the field, you get the fuck outta there and call me."
			"And, secondly?"
			Connor sighed. "Becaue I don't want you to be a killer. And if you fight Super-Agents, you have no choice but to kill."
			"What if I'm okay with that?" she pushed.
			"Trust me. You never become okay with it."

			"GRAAGH! DIE!" Connor roared as he heaved his blade out of the abdomen of one.
			A necessary sacrifice. The Agent's machete ripped through the air, cutting into Connor's throat. Hot blood dripped out, and he pounced backwards to catch his breath.
			The second pressed their advantage. He unloaded his sawn-off into Connor's gut, and then drove his blade through the opening.
			Connor spat blood, as his eyes blazed.
			"You're on poor form tonight, traitor!" the other taunted. "Or did you think Paladin was gonna keep sending cannon fodder after you?"
			"We're the next generation, swine. Where so many others devolved and dysregulated, we became more."
			"Oh, please, keep wittering. It's really doing some damage." Connor snarked, as he gripped the Agent's head.
			He jerked his hands as hard as he could. The Agent groaned in pain as he shuffled his blade through Connor's intestines, but finally--
			*SNAP!*
			The Agent went stiff, then limp. The machete fell out of the gaping hole in Connor's belly, and he stepped forward, spitting blood.
			"I fuckin' hated that guy." the last Agent grinned. "Now *I* get all the glory."
			"RAAGH!" Amy roared, jumping onto his back.
			"No!" Connor gasped, lurching forward.
			Electricity coursed through the Agent's flesh, and he slammed backwards. Amy smacked out against the wall, and the Agent turned, blade drawn.
			"That's *not* your suit!" he snapped, sending his blade forward.
			Amy's eyes closed in anticipation, and then...
			*SHK!*
			She opened them slowly, and saw Connor's blade poking out of the Agent's throat. A globule of blood launched from his mouth to her visor, and he collapsed.
			"Did he hurt you?" Connor spat.
			"I-I'm--"
			"*DID HE HURT YOU?!*"
			"No! I'm okay." she quickly said.
			He took a deep breath, relieved.
			"That was stupid. You could've died."
			"You, too."
			"How many times... I can heal! You can't!" he snapped.
			"What, even from that?!"
			"Yes!"
			He sighed.
			"I get it... that looked like I was in big trouble, there. But trust me, that was one of my less gruesome fights."
			"R-really?!"
			"Yeah. There's a damn good reason you're banned from engaging Super-Agents." he nodded grimly.
			"...I'm sorry. I'll follow orders in future, I promise."
			He looked away for a moment.
			"You need more practice with that suit's functions. You *could've* taken him down if you used it properly. And I hate this... but I'll get Ivan to recommission the Vibroblade."
			"The... what?" she tilted her head.
			"An oscillating blade, used by the first person to wear that suit. Carved me up real nice." he shrugged. "If you bring it into the field, you can protect yourself from Super-Agents, should they show up like this."
			She hesitated, but nodded.
			"Hey, don't mean to interrupt your sibling bonding..." Shannon chimed in. "But the cops are outside."
			"Ah, fuck." Amy groaned. "I feel really... heavy. I'm not sure I can run away too fast."
			"That's because your battery's fried." Shannon nodded. "You used all your juice on that mutie. Now, you've gotta haul that 50kg suit of cerametallic armour unaided."
			"God damn it." she sighed.
			"Armed police! Don't... d-don't..." the cop stammered, his gun shaking.
			Connor stood in front of her. "Make the first shot count. You won't get a second."
			"Stand down!" Naismith barked, storming in.
			"S-sir?"
			"You wanna try and arrest 'em? Be my guest." he snarked. He looked around the warehouse, and sighed.
			"Jesus, what a fuckin' mess..."
			"Detective." Connor nodded firmly. "The humans are alive."
			"Well, that's alright then." he scoffed. "Davey - go arrest the goons."
			"Y-yes sir."
			Naismith put his hands to his side, and looked at the pair.
			"New hire?"
			"Something like that." Amy shrugged.
			"What's your name? She-Wolf?" he snarked.
			"I'm... I've not got a name just yet."
			"There! That's the bitch who got me!" Donny barked as Davey dragged him in cuffs. "Hit me in the face and stunned me! Bitch gave me lockjaw."
			"...Stunlocke." Amy nodded quickly. "With an 'E.'"
			"...*that's* your super-name?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Fuck off. It beats Werewolf, that's for sure." she quipped back.
			Naismith chuckled. "Right, well... Stunlocke, Werewolf, you're both under arrest for murder... you do not have to say anything, yadda yadda..."
			"Very funny." Connor grinned, as the pair walked past him.
			"...at least I tried." he shrugged.

		Stunlocke's First Raid
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That day was a tense one in Morland Genetics, as Chloe frantically went over some notes. She sipped her coffee cup, her eyes bagged slightly - it was clear she hadn't slept well. Another person, an older, heavyset man in formal attire, entered the room.
			"How's it going, Miss Derrington?" he asked. Chloe jumped, not having expected company.
			"Oh, Mr. Morland, sir! Yes, I'm ready for the meeting." she replied, nervously.
			"Excellent. You've been told which topics are... off-limits, yes?"
			"Oh, I-- I was under the impression that there were no off-limit topics, sir. I mean, what with them being police and all..." she said, awkwardly fidgeting.
			"Well, dispel that impression." he replied firmly. "This company relies on its IP. The findings we have made here... They are ours, and ours alone."
			He paused, studying Chloe's reaction. She hid it well, but was *sickened* by him. Something about him was just... deeply creepy. Was it the greed? The fact that his PA's were always women decades his junior? Or the fact that even with mutant monsters fighting and dying, he was more focused on IP than the truth?
			"You may explain the findings on the Giant - as they are too distinctive to ignore." he explained. "But, our findings in relation to these 'Agents' - those are not to be divulged. Is that clear, Miss Derrington?"
			"Yes, sir." she replied curtly. "I shall not speak about the Agents to them."
			Morland may not have realised, but Chloe emphasised the word 'speak'.
			"These findings are more than just data, Miss Derrington. They represent power. Control. And in the wrong hands, they could lead to chaos. Anarchy. I trust you understand why some knowledge must remain... proprietary."
			Chloe shuddered at his words. Power. Control. Was he... involved? She banished the thought.
			With that, he left the lab. Chloe returned to her notes, before placing them in a binder and sighing. She clutched the binder tightly, deep in thought. 
			"What do I do? Why am I here? What is going on? Can't I just be normal?"
			She took out her phone.
			"Heya, here's the address for tonight: 76 Jersey Road, Caldermouth. Don't look it up, it's a surprise, haha xx" she texted Connor. She smiled slightly, glad that there was something normal going on in her otherwise abnormal life.
			Amidst the shadows and the monsters, she still had Connor.
			She took a deep breath, and left the lab.
			As she left, she was watched from the vents by something.
			Two yellow eyes, looking in from above. 
			Wolf eyes.

			Sparky crawled through the ventilation shafts, his paws making little noise. He made his way to Morland's office. There, Morland was on the phone.
			"Commandant, I swear - Progeny is a complete mystery. Every discovery we make, 10 more questions follow."
			"Then get to the answers, Morland - I didn't call you to hear excuses. Do not let me down." a voice replied coldly.
			"Of course, sir. Hail Victory." Morland replied, before hanging up. He slumped back in his chair and sighed. "Mad bastard..." 
			Sparky paused. For a moment, he considered ripping out Morland's throat then and there--no. He banished the thought, suppressing his urges.

			He prowled onwards, making his way to a laboratory. There, he saw a scientist with a dictaphone.
			"Subject continues to show no changes in mental state. However, tumourous masses have started to subside." the man spoke. Sparky looked over, seeing a horrifying sight - a bulbous flesh-mound in the rough shape of a man. It screamed in pain, causing the scientist to press a button. Sparky sniffed, and could detect the unmistakable scent of anaesthetics. The creature sobbed and skulked away. Sparky was disgusted. Once the scientist left, he entered the lab, and approached the creature.
			"Poor thing..." he said, sadly.
			"Help me..." it whispered.
			"I wish I could." Sparky replied.
			"You can hear me?" the creature asked.
			"...you can hear *me?*" Sparky tilted his head incredulously.
			"Yes... Please... Please kill me..." it sobbed.
			"Wait. How can you hear me? No human can hear me, only Connor can... even other mutants like Ivan can't hear me. What... what are you?" Sparky pleaded.
			"Please... Kill me..." the creature moaned again.
			Sparky sighed. Finally, another creature that could hear him. But... No. Making it live would be wrong.
			He approached the cage. He leapt up, trying to read the notes by the cage. He couldn't quite make it out - his reading still needed practice. But he could make out a few parts.
			"Subject 2163." "Maintain care when applying pain relief."
			He pressed his paw against the glass, hesitating. The creature pushed a fleshy limb against the pane, reaching out. For a moment, their consciousnesses touched - like the Mind Meld he and Connor could do. He saw glimpses - agony, pain, twisting flesh - and pulled back.
			He pressed the Pain Relief button again. And again. And again. Eventually, the creature's face twisted into something approximating a smile. It ceased all movement.
			The air reeked of decay and despair.
			He bowed his head in sorrow, returned to the vent, and carried on.

		Morland's pressure
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Eventually, Sparky found a briefing room. There, Chloe was stood with Naismith and Nina.
			"Miss Derrington, good to meet you. I'm DI--Sorry, DCI Henry Naismith, and this is PS Nina Chowdhury."
			"Oh, good to meet you, officer. And, PS Chowdhury - good to see you again." Chloe replied nervously.
			"Ah yes, good to see you too, Chloe. How is Bea doing?" Nina asked.
			"She's okay. I mean, she's coping." Chloe answered. Nina smiled.
			"Anyway... We were hoping to learn more about Morland's work in relation to these... Superhumans." Naismith began. Chloe nodded.
			"Yes, of course..." she clicked the projector to reveal a slide. "Here, we can see the autopsy results from the Giant."
			At the mention of the Giant, both officers shuddered slightly.
			"As you can see, the Giant's internal organs were highly abnormal. Two hearts, three lungs..." Chloe began.
			"And four kidneys?!" Naismith asked, shocked.
			"Ah - I made the same mistake initially. The second pair aren't kidneys - they're hideously large adrenal glands." Chloe replied. Naismith looked at her, shocked.
			"Those are *glands?* What the hell for?" he asked.
			"The second pair of adrenal glands appear to function as a backup system for the body's stress response, compensating for the multiple heartbeats and hyperactive metabolism. It's as if the body is constantly in fight-or-flight mode. In addition, we've detected an unusual substance in the Giant's bloodstream. It's like adrenaline, but... Well, it's much more potent. We've taken to calling it 'Paradrenaline'. It would seem to be the substance responsible for the so-called 'Rages' of the Werewolf, as well." she explained, happy to be in her element for once.
			"The substance doesn't just enhance aggression - it seems to be linked to cellular regeneration. I suspect it's contributing to the superhuman healing abilities we've observed, especially in the Werewolf. But it's also a double-edged sword - too much can lead to severe neural disruption."
			"Right... and was this 'paradrenaline' ever found in the bodies of the other superhumans?" Naismith asked.
			"I..." Chloe began, fearful of Morland's words. As she clicked to the next slide, her hands trembled slightly. She swallowed hard, glancing at the officers, then at the door as if expecting someone to burst in.
			"They need to know this. If I don't tell them, more people will die. But if Morland finds out... No. I can't think about that now." she thought to herself.
			"Yes, officer. In the superhuman bodies, and the hand that was recovered from the explosion. Speaking of..." she changed slides. "Here are the results of testing on the hand. It... It doesn't appear to be anything close to human. We found 61 chromosomes - 23 pairs, and 15 unpaired. As you may know, humans only have 46 chromosomes of 23 pairs. Even the Giant and the Agents only have 47." 
			Chloe gulped, not wanting to sound like she was making things up. Nina gave her a kindly smile.
			"We've seen what these things are capable of... and we've seen what the Werewolf is capable of. Whatever he is, he's certainly not human." she said.
			Naismith nodded. "When I first saw the DNA results on the hand, I thought it was a joke. Then, I assumed that they were all planted there to mislead us. Are you saying they're all real?" he asked.
			"Yes. There's no information about them, but it seems they are indeed real. Each one contains DNA code for proteins that no-one has ever seen before. And that's not even taking into account the mitochondrial DNA - this 'Werewolf' seems to have an entirely separate mitochondrial lineage to anyone else. It's like they're from another world." Chloe said, awestruck.
			"Are they?" Naismith asked, half-jokingly.
			"I... Well, I can't rule that out. The fact is, we're dealing with a genetic structure that's so different from anything in human biology... It's not just a mutation, it's a whole new set of biological rules. I can't even begin to fathom how something like this could evolve naturally. There's no connection to any known terrestrial life-form - except here." she pointed to a graphic. "46 chromosomes within the mess. Human chromosomes. These ones right here are normal human chromosomes."
			"So, those are the ones we're after. Can we extract those?" Naismith asked.
			"Yes, with a bit of effort." Chloe nodded. "From that, you would be able to put them on the police database, and see if anything comes up."
			"What happened to the hand afterwards?" Nina asked.
			"I believe it was incinerated." Chloe replied. Sparky sniffed the air - she wasn't lying. She had no involvement with that... thing.
			"Fair enough." Naismith replied. "Why weren't we given this information sooner?"
			"I... I assumed you had been." Chloe replied awkwardly. "I'm sorry, I don't handle that side of things - that's all from the business. My job is just to investigate this."
			"Right..." Naismith nodded. "Forgive me, but you're very young. How long have you worked here?"
			"Ah... About 3 months now, officer." Chloe answered nervously. "I... my placement on this case is irregular, but I am supervised by my colleagues."
			"Did you find out about the paradrenaline yourself?" Naismith asked, curiously.
			"I... Yes, officer, that was me. It took a lot of late nights to crack that one." she chuckled shyly.
			"Well done, then." Naismith replied. Chloe smiled slightly.
			"Right, we'd best be off - thank you for your time, Chloe." he said, shaking her hand. The officers left, and Chloe stood alone, hesitating for a moment. Sparky considered revealing himself, but steeled his nerves, and left.

			The sun was crawling down the horizon now, as the day came to a close.
			Sparky trotted into Riverside Repairs, and made his way to the basement.
			"Sparky!" Connor beamed, rising from the sofa. He had morphed a compression suit around his torso to quicken the healing.
			"Hey, buddy!" Amy smiled warmly, now out of the suit and in her civvies.
			"How did it go?" Sparky asked, tail wagging.
			"Good, good... let's just say that they won't be selling those guns any time soon." Connor replied, smirking. "You?"
			Sparky grinned. "Mine went well. I learned some things..."
			"Like what?"
			"There was this... thing. A monster, almost. And... it could hear me." 
			"What kind of monster?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Freakish. It was mutated, and diseased. It smelled a bit like you, too. But different. There were some notes, but I couldn't quite read them."
			Connor nodded, and knelt down. The two pressed their foreheads against each other, merging their consciousnesses into one.
			Connor looked through Sparky's eyes. He saw the notes, and re-read them.

			"SUBJECT 2163
				Subject developed from cultured tissue recovered from 'Werewolf' hand, see incident log 294-B.
				Subject has inherited none of the Werewolf's cancer-suppressing abilities, resulting in healing spirals that have turned it into a mound of flesh. Recommendation - keep alive and maintain study/extraction. Side effects include loss of toxin resistance. Maintain care when applying pain relief."

			He saw the creature - saw it die.
			They pulled apart. Connor shook slightly. "It... it was a clone."
			Sparky shuddered. "That's why it could hear me. And why we could meld, even for a moment."
			Connor stroked his chin pensively. "I'll call Ivan. Did you find anything else?"
			"Just heard some talk with Chloe and the police." Sparky replied.
			"What did they talk about?"
			"I don't know... something about chromosomes?"
			"Yeah..." Connor replied grimly. "61 chromosomes. Not even close to human."
			"You just saved a bunch of kids from an auction, like, 2 weeks ago." Sparky replied firmly. "If that's not humanity at its finest, I don't know what is."
			Connor nodded appreciatively. "And where does Chloe fit in all of this?"
			"She's unaware." Sparky began. "She's been working on our case, but she had no idea about the creature. She found out a new chemical we have too - like adrenaline, but better. She called it Paradrenaline."
			"She found that?" Connor asked, surprised. "Well, she's always had a genius for biology. Fair play to her."
			He stared off into the distance.
			"So, um... what was that?" Amy asked, cocking an eyebrow.
			"Mind-merge." Connor shrugged nonchalantly. "Um... the TLDR is, they took my hand - the one I cut off when you found out about me - and grew it into some mutated clone. God knows what for."
			"Jesus. Being a superhero is confusing."
			"Welcome to the club."
			Sparky smiled. "So... what now?"
			Connor chuckled, and rose, clicking his shoulders.
			"Now? I've got a date with Chloe." he smiled.
			"Enjoy it." Amy beamed. "It's been a long time coming."
			"Thanks, Stunlocke." Connor snarked.
			"Fuck you, Werewolf." she grinned back.

		Sparky's solo mission/Naismith meets Chloe
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That evening, Connor pulled into the address Chloe gave him - a colourful, bustling, American-style arcade, complete with blinking lights, the smell of pizza and popcorn, and the hum of games and laughter.
			Outside, Chloe was waiting, her hair braided into pigtails - a playful look he'd never seen on her before. He noticed the faint glint of her hearing aids and smiled.
			She spotted him and ran over, her eyes lighting up.
			"Hey! Here we are!" she said, excited.
			"Hey there yourself! Wow, you look..." Connor trailed off, caught off guard.
			Chloe paused, afraid that she looked bad. She self-consciously tugged at the hem of her shirt.
			Connor smiled, finishing his sentence. "You look amazing. I love the hair."
			She blushed. "Oh, yeah... well, can't play arcade games with hair in my face!" With that, they headed inside.
			They approached the counter.
			"Hi, um... we booked a table for a couple of hours?"
			"Ah yes - Miss Derrington?" the receptionist asked, checking her screen. Chloe nodded.
			"Perfect. Here's your wristband, and enjoy!"
			Connor followed her inside, eyes scanning the neon-lit chaos. Chloe grinned, grabbing his hand.
			"Okay, so... have you been somewhere like here before?"
			"My uncle took me here a few times. He said it reminded him of the 80s, before he started getting old." Connor grinned.
			She smiled nostalgically. "They have these all over in America. My parents used to go there all the time on business - the one thing I liked was the arcade parlours."
			She chuckled. "Okay - let's go. How about we start with air hockey?"
			"How's that work?" he asked.
			She blinked. "You've *never* played air hockey?"
			"....I'm good at Muay Thai." he meekly protested.
			She laughed. "Well, please try not to sucker-punch me while we play."
			"I'll do my best." he smirked. With that, she led him to the board.

			The air began to rush out from the holes beneath his paddle, and his eyes ran up and down, studying it.
			With that, he heard a click of plastic, and saw the puck slam into his goal.
			"1, nil." Chloe grinned. "Never let your guard down."
			"Okay, I see!" Connor chuckled. He pulled out the puck, and they started to play.
			Chloe's reflexes were sharp - she lunged, tapped, and blocked with a grin, laughing as Connor barely managed to counter one of her shots.
			The timer started audibly ticking. 6-6, neck and neck.
			Chloe smirked, and served. Connor hit it back, harder than before. She bat it at him, and he went again, back-and-forth... and the puck ended up going too far to his left. He could make it, easily - but no human could. He smiled, and bowed gracefully as it made its way to his goal.
			"Hah! Yes!" she cheered, clearly proud of beating such a skilled opponent. She cleared her throat, not wanting to brag. "There's no way you've never played before."
			"Hey, you still beat me." he grinned. "You demolished me there."
			"You're joking!" Chloe chuckled. "It was neck-and-neck!"
			"Because someone was going easy on me."
			He wasn't wrong - Chloe clearly wasn't giving it her all until the end.
			"Well... you said you'd never played." she smirked sheepishly. "Okay, okay - let's try the claw machines!"

			Connor crouched down, squinting so hard his pupils became pinpoints. He moved the joystick, and released at the perfect moment.
			Sadly, even with super-reflexes, the Claw had a mind of its own.
			"Oh, come on! This thing has to be rigged." he groaned.
			"That's the fun of these things. You get to pretend you *totally* would've won if it weren't for the machine." she grinned cheekily.
			"...you take that back this instant." he snarked.
			She giggled, collecting the miniscule tickets the machine spat out.
			"Okay, with this amount, I reckon we could get... a pencil sharpener." she chuckled.
			He paused, as his eyes caught something.
			A punching bag. Its high score read "804" - and an idea flashed in his mind.
			"What are you doing?" she asked, grinning.
			"Winning us some tickets." he smirked, rolling back his shoulder.
			"Oh, okay Mr. Muscles - trying to impress me, is it?" she laughed.
			He took a deep breath, placing his hand against the bag. He felt its shape, its firmness - and the strength of the machine.
			He stepped back, closed his eyes, and--
			*SLAM!*
			The counter rocketed as digits spasmed out and the machine rocked back. Finally, "999" flashed over and over on the screen.
			"...oh my god." she whispered in awe.
			Connor grinned giddily as he collected his bundle of tickets.
			"Shall we?"

			Connor wolfed down his cheese-coated chips, washing them down with a thick chocolate milkshake.
			"Damn..." he grinned. "I know America has its problems, but the food is something else."
			"I'm surprised you can stay so fit, eating like that." she chuckled, sipping her cola.
			"Oh, I'm fit, am I?" he grinned cheekily.
			She blushed, hiding her face behind a massive dragon plushie.
			The pair finished their food, and sat outside on a bench, smiling.

			"You know..." Chloe began, hesitantly. "Bea's been telling me for ages to just ask you out. If you hadn't, I was seriously going to beat you to it."
			"Hah, really?" Connor replied, eyebrow raised. "That's good to hear."
			Chloe smiled. "Bea's always been looking out for me. Ever since everything happened with Francis, she's been very suspicious of boys around me, you know? It... It makes me happy that she likes you. It makes me feel more comfortable."
			She looked down slightly. "So, um... What do you normally do on dates?"
			"Oh, well, I can't say I've had many, haha." he chuckled, scratching the back of his head. "What about you?"
			"Well, I'm the same. I... I haven't had many dates either. I haven't actually had any since Francis, and before that, the dates I had were all kind of... forced." she said, looking away slightly. Her self-consciousness kicked in - "Why am I talking about Francis so much? He's going to get put off..." she thought.
			"Forced?" Connor asked, concerned.
			"Eh, you know how it is... A couple of persistent guys who'd stop at nothing to go out with me. They'd act all nice, and then get upset when I didn't immediately fall for them."
			"I know the type." Connor nodded in understanding. "The kind who view friendship with women as transactional. I'm sorry you had to put up with that..."
			"So... My frame of reference for what you're supposed to do on a date... It's not the best." Chloe said shyly. "You know, all the unspoken rules for what you should or shouldn't do."
			"Well, Trey sharted on a first date - that's probably a big no-no." Connor snarked, eliciting laughter.
			"Haha! Well, that too. But I meant more for... intimacy and things of that nature."
			"Well, if anyone is going to be unfamiliar with unspoken rules, it's this guy." Connor grinned, pointing at himself. Chloe chuckled.
			"Hah, true... I suppose that's one advantage. You're not expecting anything..." she smiled softly. "So, um... You probably have more experience than I do when it comes to relationships..." she began. "Am I being too weird? Like, am I doing this wrong?"
			Her face turned red.
			"No, not at all!" Connor shook his head. "Also, I think you're overselling my experience here." he chuckled.
			Chloe smirked. "Surely you've had plenty of girls fawning over you."
			Connor laughed. "Oh yeah, 'Sarcastic ginger guys incapable of parsing subtext' are in *huge* demand, you know."
			She chuckled. "Well... It worked on me."
			He smiled. "I've only had one relationship before." he admitted. "It... didn't end well."
			"I remember you saying." she began. "On Trey's birthday."
			"Well remembered. I, um... I wasn't blameless there. I... had trouble with picking up on her needs. And I really, *really* don't want to put you through that. I mean, I know obviously that you won't do the same thing, I..." Connor stumbled over his words, and scratched the back of his head.
			Chloe smiled, and put her hand on his shoulder. "It's okay, I know what you mean. And I promise, I'll do my best to communicate my needs openly."
			Connor relaxed. "Thank you. The last thing I want is for you to feel neglected."
			Chloe blushed, and leant back. "I know you're insecure about the whole subtext thing, but... it's one of the things I really like about you." she began. "When we first met, I was worried I was rambling too much, or being too awkward, but you were so... kind. I know I'm not autistic, so it's different, but... it's refreshing to not have to worry about all the little things us neurotypicals communicate with."
			Connor smiled, and brushed her shoulder. "That's what I keep telling people. Our method of communication is way more efficient." he grinned.
			Chloe laughed. "I second that."
			She paused for a moment. "I, um... Thank you for asking me out."
			Connor smiled, happily. "Thank you for coming out. I... I'm sorry I didn't ask you sooner."
			Chloe brushed a strand of her hair. "I'm not gonna lie... I was way too shy to make the first move."
			Connor tilted his head. "Why was that?"
			She blushed. "I, um... I wasn't sure you'd like me too."
			Connor reached out and stroked her cheek. She blushed, and pushed her head into his palm.
			"Chloe..." he began, steeling himself. "I want--no, I *need* you to know... I really like you. For the longest while, *I* was too shy to make the first move."
			Chloe chuckled. "So we both liked the other, and thought the other didn't like us back. There's a joke there somewhere."
			The two lauged, and leant back, holding hands.
			Chloe broke the silence.
			"I, uh... I'm sorry I spoke about Francis so much earlier."
			"What do you mean?" Connor asked, confused.
			"I mean... once we sat down, I mentioned him twice. I mean, crap, I'm talking about him again now..." she stammered. "I just... I don't want you to think I'm not over it."
			Connor smiled softly, and stroked her cheek again.
			"Chloe, it's okay. It's... trauma. And it's perfectly natural for it to play on your mind at a time like this." he nodded understandingly.
			Chloe smiled, and a tear formed in her eye. "I just... I don't want it to get in the way of us..." she said softly.
			"It won't." Connor replied. "It might impact things, but that doesn't mean it's getting in the way. We can take this at our own pace. Whatever feels right for both of us - one date at a time. That is, if you'd like to have a second date..."
			"I would love to. I've really enjoyed our first one, Connor." Chloe replied, blushing. Connor smiled warmly, and brushed a strand of hair behind her ear, deftly avoiding knocking her hearing aids.
			She gave him a deep, warm smile, and kissed his cheek.
			"Are you going out tonight?" she asked.
			"Oh, um--I have work." he replied evasively. "Amy's bike's been playing up, and she's demanded I fix it before doing anything else."
			She chuckled. "Well, at least she let you come out for this. Bea's demanded that I meet up with her immediately after this and spill all the hot gossip."
			"Hah! I can imagine her reaction when she sees the plushie..."
			"Oh my god, that's sooooo cute!" Chloe imitated, to Connor's laughter.
			With that, they both stood. They looked into each other's eyes for a while, hugged, and leant their foreheads against each other - by now, a gesture they were both familiar with. They opened their eyes again, and looked into each other once more. Connor looked down at her lips, and she looked down at his.
			He wanted to say something, but words failed him. They stood there, faces inches apart.
			Timidly, he asked "Can... Can I..." trying to get the words out.
			Chloe smiled warmly, and leant in, kissing him. The kiss lasted as long as either of them could hold their breath, before they broke apart.
			Chloe blushed deeply, before wordlessly walking away. Connor smiled, letting a moment pass to take it all in.

		Connor and Chloe's first date
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Soo... tell me how it went!" Bea asked, grinning.
			Chloe chuckled, leaning back into her sofa. 
			"Hah, I mean, I think it went well..." she blushed.
			"You totally kissed, didn't you?" Bea asked, pouring a glass of wine.
			Her cheeks somehow went even redder, and Bea cheered happily.
			"I'm so happy for you, Chlo." she beamed, wrapping her friend in a bear hug.
			"Thanks, girl. Yeah, I'm... I'm really happy. Plus, he won me this."
			Bea's eyes lit up as she saw the plushie. The word 'squee' comes to mind, but that would imply it registered to human ears.

			Amy yawned as she waltzed into the repair shop, unlocking the door with her brand new key.
			Trey looked up from the car he was working on, and cheered.
			"Yo. How come you're working so late?" she asked.
			"Because I'm the only bastard here who isn't skiving off shifts to go save the world, or some shit." he snarked. "Nah, it's one of my dad's taxis, so I'm doing him a favour. Come, this way."
			She cocked an eyebrow, as he led her down into the basement.
			There, she saw Shannon tinkering away on a circuit board - specifically, one of the controllers for her suit. She saw Ivan cleaning Isabella. She saw Olivia at a workstation, sharpening some arrowheads. Sparky lay in his corner chewing a bone, while Connor was experimenting with his morphing powers.
			"Copycat." Oliva snarked as he formed his crossbows. "That's my schtick."
			"Keep talking. I'll start morphing whips, next." he quipped back. He turned, and lit up.
			"Hey - there she is!"
			The others started clapping, cheering, and grinning, as Amy gingerly entered the room.
			"What's all this for?" she asked.
			"Welcome to the first official meetup of the Riverside Squad!" Connor smiled. "Looks like we're all here."
			"I tried telling him the name was dumb." Trey chimed in.
			"Hey, I kinda like it. It's got some charm." Shannon grinned.
			Connor smirked. "Oh yeah, I'd introduce you guys, but... well, I told Ivan that Stunlocke would be joining us, only for him to sheepishly explain you'd already met."
			"Ah. Hi!" Amy awkwardly waved.
			"Privet, tovarishch." Ivan grinned.
			"Nice to see you again." Olivia nodded.
			Connor chuckled, and showed Amy to her suit.

			"You know... a name like Stunlocke deserves a way cooler suit than just a cerametallic power armour." he began. "Especially if you're gonna be out in the field more often."
			Amy looked up at the display case in awe. The black-brushed metal had been polished to a slick shine, while a few more LEDs had been fitted throughout. But best of all were the accessories.
			"Red kevlar - to go with the colour scheme. Carbon composite fabrics for the dashing new vigilante." Trey grinned. "Been busy all evening making these."
			The suit's helm now sat comfortably beneath a thick hood, which attached onto a cropped biker jacket. The sleeves tucked perfectly under the shock gauntlets, providing a crimson frame to the electrified powersuit. At the waist, a flowing red cloth was draped over the back, like a cross between a skirt and a cape, or if someone chopped off the top half of a trenchcoat.
			"That... that looks amazing." she gasped, reaching out and feeling the material.
			"I wasn't too sure on the skirt." Connor shrugged.
			"*Waist cape.*" Trey hissed. Connor grinned and raised his hands defensively.
			"So... what does this mean?" she asked.
			"It means..." Connor smiled proudly, "Welcome to the team, Stunlocke."
			"You--You mean it?!"
			"I do. You proved yourself this afternoon."
			"How? I didn't do shit against the Agents." she tilted her head.
			"After. When I explained I was okay - you promised, without any argument, prompting, or hesitation, to follow orders in future. *That's* how." he nodded. "Now... get changed. The sun's going down, which means we go on patrol."
			"I'll handle mission control from here." Shannon smiled. "Whiplash, I've got reports of burglaries in Mulligan Square - so you're on patrol there."
			"Copy that." Olivia smiled. "It'll be nice to fight humans for a change."
			"Try not to hang them this time." Amy snarked.
			"Hah, hah." she grinned back.
			"Does this mean you're with us full-time now?" Sparky asked.
			"I'm... considering it." she shrugged.
			"Whoa, you can hear him?!" Amy gasped.
			"Psychic dominatrix, remember?" Connor snarked. "Oi, Trey - don't get any funny ideas."
			"There are worse ways to die..." he mused. Olivia rolled her eyes, and put on her mask.
			"Predator, Vanguard, you're both on gliding duty, as normal." Shannon continued.
			"What's with the names?" Trey tilted his head.
			Connor shrugged. "'Werewolf' wouldn't make sense, since we're both The Werewolf. We can't use our names on comms, so we've got codenames for our team roles - the sneaky, recon hunter; and me, the bullet sponge."
			"Mr. Sokolov--Huh. I suppose we need to give you a codename." Shannon noted.
			"Sokolov's fine." he grinned.
			She chuckled. "You're on recon duty. I've sent you the location - another Gambit site. I doubt you'll need backup."
			"Prinyal." he nodded, as he pulled his overcoat atop his tactical gear. The fact that such a coat was designed for commissars to brave Siberia was a fairly good indicator of how terrible weather in Drackhill was.
			"And lastly, Stunlocke - you're going to be patrolling South Belson. We've just finished making a custom bike that'll keep your suit charged as long as you're plugged in - use that to drive around town. If you see anything fishy, call me and we'll assess the threat."
			"Sounds good." Amy beamed, taking her earpiece.
			"...*I* wanna be a superhero." Trey groaned.
			Connor put his hands on his friend's shoulders, and smiled.
			"We've got the field covered. If you really wanna help, give Shannon some help down here. *Not* that kind of help." he quickly corrected.
			The two cringed and smirked, as the superheroes headed out.

		Date aftermath + Welcome to the Pack
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The two thugs had the young man cornered. One whacked his club against the wall.
			"I ain't gonna ask again, little boy. GIVE ME YOUR FUCKIN' MONEY!"
			"Okay, I'm doing it!" he pleaded in fear.
			The thugs' grins turned into looks of panic as they heard a motorbike pull up at the end of the alleyway.
			"Hey." Amy - Stunlocke - barked. "Get away from him."
			"Do you reckon if we surrender, she'll let us go?" one whispered.
			"Fuck that!" the other snarled, charging.
			Amy grinned as her gauntlets crackled with energy.

			Trey cleared his throat.
			"Um... so, how have you been? We've not really had a chance to catch up."
			"Yeah, I'm good!" she smiled. "Working down here sure is a lot of fun."
			"Connor says he's off to Mexico tomorrow." Trey nodded. "He said if it goes well there, he's gonna buy the place off of Tommy. Then, the Syndicate will have enough cash to recover, and he'll have me working down here more often. The repair stuff will just be a front."
			"How do you feel about that?"
			He sighed, sitting down. "I'm not sure. I *really* wanna work on this whole thing, but... well, I'm a mechanic. Sure, that's a transferable skill to a lot of stuff, especially since me and you can hack together some pretty good gadgets."
			"But you wanna do a job you can talk to your dad about, right?" she pressed.
			He smiled softly. "You're a real people person, you know that?"
			She blushed slightly. "Hey... I know we haven't spoken about... *that,* but..."
			"It's alright." he smiled. "How, um... how do you feel about it?"
			"I, uh... well, I'm not..."
			She swallowed her fear, and let herself smile in safe company.
			"I'm not really... ready for a relationship. I mean, so much is changing at the moment... I've gone from living on the streets because my family couldn't accept me, to having such a great new group of friends and doing *this* as my job... I don't think I could give enough focus or commitment to anything romantic at the moment."
			"I get that." he nodded. "To be honest, I'm not sure I'm looking for anything long-term either. No hurt feelings, yeah?"
			She smiled warmly, now. "I do wanna say though... It was really nice. I mean... that was my first time since transitioning.I know it sounds corny, but there was something validating about experiencing... intimacy... in my own body, you know?"
			Trey beamed. "I'm really glad to hear that. And hey, whatever happens - we're still mates, right?"
			"Of course." she smiled back. "And hey - I just said I wasn't up for a *relationship.*"
			He winked cheekily, and got to work maintaining their machines.

			Chloe stepped outside of the small pub, taking a deep breath of the night sky. Bea had insisted they go out to celebrate, and the Horse was still closed - so they had to settle for lukewarm beers at the Laughing Fox, instead.
			She chuckled softly. The same pub she'd met Amy in; the start of finding such great friends - and something more.
			She looked up into the sky, and gasped as she spotted it.
			A great black mass with red eyes, riding the wind.
			For a moment, it seemed like it was looking at her. Without thinking, she gave it a gentle wave.
			Connor let the breeze slow his soar, as he focused his gaze down onto her.
			He smiled giddily under his mask, and had to sharply swerve to avoid crashing head-first into a wall.
			A distraction, sure - but a welcome one.
			"So... don't think all this superhero business is gonna get you off the hook." Amy audibly grinned over the radio.
			"Stunlocke, you know the rules. Keep it professional on the comms." he said firmly.
			"I'm using the direct channel, dipshit."
			"Oh, that's fine then. Alright... we went to that arcade place on Jersey Road..."

			Olivia threw the goons to the curb, grinning as they groaned half-consciously. Being hit in the face by a person whose powers could give you vertigo from sharing a room with her will do that.
			"Whiplash..." a voice whispered in her ear. She quickly turned, and her eyes darted about.
			"Who's there?!" she snapped, drawing her bow. Before she could react further, she felt the air shift, and a blade press against her throat.
			"83... to what do I owe the pleasure?"
			Her attacke - a male figure, bound up in a kevlar bodysuit and a full-face gas mask - growled. His weapon of choice - a damascened shortsword - caught the light before her jugular.
			"You're coming home, Agent."
			"I'm *never* coming home--"
			"*Listen. And. Obey.*"
			Olivia's pupils shrank down to pinpoints, as her irises shifted to a deep violet.
			"I... obey..." she muttered, as though trying hard to not speak the words.
			"Good."

		Patrol

	A Pack of Heroes
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			Grozny, Chechen ASSR. 18th of February, 2009.
			Separatist forces led by Islamist warlord Vadim Zamaldayev had captured the city. Recognising their position was untenable, Soviet Loyalists had organised a convoy to escape into Russia proper. But Zamaldayev's forces had spotted them, and mobbed nearby.
			The evacuation would have been doomed - were it not for the 9th Motor Rifle Division's timely arrival.
			This was going to be the Battle of Grozny.

			The Division's commander, Major Iosef Tarkovsky - an older man, with a nervous disposition - was surveying some maps, alongside his aides.
			"[It's a mess out there.]" Tarkovsky noted dryly.
			"[Yes, sir.]" an aide nodded. "[Our current strategy is to have Makharadze and Lebedev reinfoce Ahmadov - the de-facto leader of the Loyalist forces. From there, general Trepov will come in from the north, and close in on the insurgents. Once they are put to rout, we will complete the evacuation.]"
			"[Is there any hope of us taking the city?]" Tarkovsky asked wearily.
			"[I'm afraid not, sir. Even if Zamaldayev died here, the city is effectively lost to us. Our only hope is to cross back over the mountains, and pray Moscow hasn't fallen when we get there.]"
			"[So be it.]" Tarkovsky sighed. "[Begin the operation.]"

			An hour had passed. In Lebedev's brigade, the fighting was intense. Separatist forces anticipated the maneuver, and intercepted before Lebedev could reach the convoy.
			In the 3rd Company, Svetlana Popova was staff nurse. She hurriedly tried to stop the bleeding of a young, pimply Lance Corporal. His eyes widened in terror, and she desperately closed his wound.
			"[You'll be okay, dorogaya.]" she said softly, trying to calm him.
			He tried to speak, but blood spat from his mouth.
			She nearly finished stitching him, and then--BOOM!
			A shell, or a missile, or something else - she wasn't quite sure. The explosion rocked the ground beneath her feet. She knocked into the ground, rolled over, and checked mechanically to make sure her arm was still there - it was, but her shoulder had been dislocated. She looked over at the young man, whose wound was torn open by the blast. He was dead.
			She stood there for a moment, unable to think. Her brow furrowed, her pupils constricted, and then...
			She marched over, and grabbed the man's rifle. She tore off her medic patch - not that it had stopped them already. She clicked her shoulder back into place, readied the gun, grabbed a drum magazine, and charged.

			Meanwhile, just north of the AO, Trepov's forces were caught by separatists, and were stuck in a bloody battle with them, unable to support the convoy.
			Trepov ducked as a bomb went off near him. He looked around, and sprinted to his armoured car.
			Across the battlefield, Regimental Commissar Ivan Sokolov spotted him running.
			"[TREPOV!]" he roared. "[GET BACK HERE, YOU COWARD!]"
			"[The commander's leaving!]" one soldier shouted.
			"[We're doomed! We have to retreat!]" another cried.
			Ivan closed his eyes, tensed, and then opened. He looked through his rifle's iron sights, squinted, and fired a single bullet.
			Trepov's car spun out, crashed, and caught fire.
			Ivan leapt atop a tank hull, using the vantage point to take out separatist soldiers. He made himself a target, and got two bullets in the gut for his trouble. Undaunted, he kept firing.
			"[NOT ONE STEP BACK!]" he barked to his men. "[ONWARDS! FOR SOCIALISM! FOR DEMOCRACY! FOR THE SOVIET UNION!]"
			"[FOR THE UNION!]" his men roared back, renewed and wrathful. In moments, the separatists were the ones retreating.
			Ivan clambered atop the lead APC, and raised his gun in the air.
			"[Soldiers! Brothers and sisters of the USSR!]" he began. His comrades listened in to every word.
			"[A few miles from here, thousands of our comrades are being slaughtered by these traitors. We are their last hope of seeing the Red Dawn. NOW WHO'S WITH ME?!]"
			"[WE ARE!]" the soldiers barked back.
			"[THEN FOLLOW ME!]" he cheered, entering the vehicle.
			"[I--Commander!]" the driver began. "[You're bleeding - we need to get you to a medic.]"
			"[I'm fine!]" Ivan grinned, patching it up himself. "[Just drive the truck, comrade.]"

			Back in Lebedev's regiment, Sveta had 13 insurgent kills to her name. She was wrath incarnate - in a trance of blood.
			"[Die! Die, you traitorous bastards!]" she howled. A bullet landed in her leg. She buckled, ducked for cover, and fired back. She heard a satisfying *thump,* and grinned.
			Trepov's--well, Ivan's--regiment arrived, providing heavy artillery to scatter the rebels. Ivan ran out of the truck, and joined the fray. He spotted an enemy sniper, and sneaked around, before killing him. He grabbed the rifle, and saw the name "Isabella" scratched into it.
			"[Decent rifle... proper Dragunov, this...]" he mused, grinning. He looked through the scope, and was impressed by the quality. He pulled out his radio.
			"[All forces, this is Commissar Sokolov. I have just liberated a sniper rifle, and will be using it. Please don't blow up the nest I'm using - if you can help it.]"
			He chuckled, and spotted an enemy commander. He pulled the trigger, and he went down like paper.
			He kept doing this - and scores of rebels had their heads pop like grapes.
			Down in the carnage, Sveta spotted a rebel - he was a huge man, wearing bloodied kevlar. She shot at him, and he barely fliched.
			Unfazed, she kept firing, only for him to charge and launch her in the air. She landed down, and wheezed.
			"Poor girl." he said in English - he had an American accent.
			She pulled out her pistol, and fired at his head. It snapped back, but he didn't fall.
			A Super-Agent. One of the first, in fact.
			"Oh, I was gonna be quick. But now... Now I'm gonna make you suffer..." he growled, approaching.
			KK-BOOM!
			The Agent fell to the ground, headless. Through Isabella's scope, Ivan looked in horror.
			"[How the fuck did she not kill him...]" he whispered, aghast. "[What kind of animals are these traitors?]"
			Finally, the tide of battle turned. The separatist forces turned and ran back to fortified positions in Grozny, while the Soviet troops made it to the mountains. The evacuation had been a success.
			Ivan clambered atop a wrecked vehicle - it wasn't clear if it was Soviet or rebel - and addressed his comrades-in-arms.
			"[Comrades!]" he shouted. "[Today, we gave these traitors a bloody nose. I know - I *know* we have suffered, as well. We have lost too many. Now is the time to rest, and to heal. Tomorrow, we return to Moscow. And from there, we pay these rebel scum back, with interest! Long live the Soviet Union! On with the Red Dawn!]"
			The soldiers cheered and roared for their commissar-commander. "[Long live the Soviet Union! On with the Red Dawn!]"

			In the field hospital, Ivan sat alongside his wounded comrades. Despite technically being a commander now, he insisted he be treated like any other soldier.
			Sveta, despite her wounds, patched up each soldier as best as she could. She came to Ivan.
			"[Commissar.]" she began. "[Or, should I say, Commander?]"
			"[Sokolov is fine.]" he chuckled. "[And you are?]"
			"[Staff nurse Svetlana Popova, sir.]" she saluted, before beginning to dig the bullets out of his hide.
			"[Pleased to meet you, Comrade Popova.]" he nodded, before shuddering. "[I saw you fighting that... that *thing* earlier.]"
			"[I must have missed.]" she shrugged.
			"[No, you didn't.]" he shook his head. "[I was perched from the sniper nest, and I *saw* the bullet hit his head. He just... didn't die.]"
			"[That was you?]" she asked, surprised. "[Well, then - thank you for saving my life, Comrade Sokolov.]"
			"[It's what we soldiers do, eh?]" he chuckled.
			"[I'm not a soldier.]" she shook her head.
			"[The pile of traitor cadavers behind you was just a coincidence, then?]" he grinned.
			She chuckled, then sighed. "[I'm just a nurse. That's always been my job. I used to be a nurse in my husband's village - I spent more time looking after animals than people. When the war broke out, we...]" she paused.
			"[Go on, comrade.]" he said encouragingly.
			"[I was called up to active duty.]" she began. "[I'm out of practice as a soldier, but I'm still a good nurse. But seeing that young man die... It lit a fire in my heart. It made me think of my own little boy, back home.]"
			"[As it should.]" Ivan nodded. With that, a panicked soldier rushed into the hall.
			"[Comrades!]" he shouted. "[Look at the news!]"
			Ivan raised an eyebrow, and put the radio to the military news channel.
			"[All forces, this is Marshal Rykov. I have been forced to order a retreat from the Moscow district. Rebel forces have captured the city. Premier Kruglov has been killed.]"
			All soldiers present turned pale.
			"[Sir...]" Sveta whispered. "[My family, they--they live in Moscow. I... I'm sorry, sir, I have to see them.]"
			"[You'll need leave of absence from your CO.]" Ivan shook his head.
			"[Sir, please... You are the commissar for the 9th. I am begging you...]"
			Ivan sighed. He wanted to tell her she had to stay, that their mission was not yet done, but... there was no way the 9th could hope to recapture Moscow.
			He relented. "[Alright, comrade Popova. Just be careful.]"
			"[Thank you, comrade Sokolov. Be well.]" she saluted, before continuing to treat the other soldiers, and prepared to leave.
			Ivan sighed, and leant back.
			Then, a man approached him.
			"[Commissar Sokolov?]" he asked.
			"[Who's asking?]"
			The man took out a badge. "[Vladimir Morozov, KGB.]"
			The two went to a separate room. There, General Tarkovsky, along with colonels Lebedev and Makharadze, sat.
			"[Comrade Sokolov.]" Tarkovsky began.
			"[General.]" Ivan nodded.
			"[We were saddened to learn of the heroic death-in-service of colonel Trepov.]" Lebedev noted sourly.
			"[Perhaps you could enlighten us about the details of his sacrifice, comrade?]" Makharadze added.
			"[Comrades.]" Morozov interrupted. The two colonels flared their eyes, but relented.
			Tarkovsky continued. "[With Moscow's fall, returning home may be... dangerous. Comrade Morozov here has informed me that Tbilisi remains loyal. Therefore, we will march to Georgia instead, and seek reinforcements, before retaking the capital.]"
			Ivan shook his head. "[General, with respect, the 9th cannot hope to take Moscow, even if the entire Transcaucasian Military District was at our side.]"
			"[He's right, Tarkovsky.]" Morozov nodded. "[Get your men to Tbilisi, let them rest, and do what you can here in the Caucasus. As much as I weep for the Motherland... this will be a long, long war.]"
			Tarkovsky looked like he wanted to say something, but instead merely saluted, and left. Makharadze and Lebedev rose and left, without saluting. Lebedev made sure to bump his shoulder against Ivan's as he walked past.
			"[That was some very good shooting, comrade.]" Morozov began.
			"[What can I say? The rifle did the work.]" Ivan shrugged.
			Morozov chuckled. "[Listen... with Kruglov's death and Moscow's fall, things are going to get a lot worse before they get better.]"
			"[Get to the point, comrade.]" Ivan muttered.
			Morozov grinned. "[We can't win a conventional war against our own people - you know this. But what if we waged a more... secretive war?]"
			"[Go on?]"
			"[Our enemies appear to be backed by some... cabal. We believe they sponsored Kruglov's rise, and now have taken advantage of his idiocy. And they are also behind the creation of this... super-soldier you took down. Our mission... is to find these conspirators, and kill them all.]"
			"[You want me to become an assassin?]" Ivan tilted his head.
			"[I want you to help me save our country.]" Morozov replied. "[First things first - we will accompany the 9th to Georgia. From there, you will focus on eliminating rebel groups in Abkhazia and Ossetia. Soften them up, and the 9th should be able to roll on into Sukhumi.]"
			"[Why me?]"
			"[Two reasons. First, you're clearly a better sniper than you let on - that's a rare talent. Second, you're a commissar - i.e., one of the few people we can count on to be absolutely loyal to the Socialist cause. Now, comrade, I ask you - are you in?]"
			Ivan hesitated. He shook Morozov's hand.
			"[I'm in, comrade.]"

			As the 9th prepared for its slow march to Tbilisi, the Commandant smiled viciously in his office. He was in a Georgia, too - in a former plantation house, with a statue of Robert E. Lee in the driveway, and the Stainless Banner fluttering in the warm breeze.
			"Sir." an aide entered.
			"I heard about Moscow." the Commandant grinned. "Tell our proxies to expect more operatives in the coming months. How did the field test go?"
			"The Agent in Grozny performed well, sir." the aide began. "We have over 130 confirmed kills to its name. However... it was killed by a sniper."
			"A pity." the Commandant shrugged. "If it had survived, then the Caucasus would have fallen already. Alas."
			"I... I have to ask, sir." the aide began, nervously. "Why are we supporting the Chechens?"
			"You... You have to ask?" the Commandant growled, rising. "Why is that? What, you believe you have the right to know?"
			"I--Commandant, sir, I--" the aide stammered.
			"You think you should know the ins-and-outs of our operations? Why? Do you believe you should be in charge?"
			"Sir, no, not at all--"
			"You want my throne? You want my crown?" the Commandant snarled, now a hair's breadth away.
			"N-no, sir, just curious is all."
			"Curiosity killed the cat." the Commandant muttered lowly, before changing his demeanour completely - like a cat playing with a mouse. "But it's also the mother of learning. A healthy, human instinct, after all."
			The aide took a deep breath, perplexed.
			"Do you know where the word 'slave' comes from?" he asked, holding up a bust of Nathan Bedford Forrest.
			"N-no, sir." the aide shook his head.
			"It comes from the Slavs. The ancient Romans used to capture the Slavs and make them submit. Eventually, 'slav' became the byword for servile folk, regardless of their true race. When our founding fathers came to this great country, we brought Africans with us. They performed the same function as the Slavs did to Rome, so we called them Slaves."
			"Sir." the aide nodded, still confused.
			"'Divide et Impera.' Divide and Conquer. The Chechens are fighting the Bolsheviks. That makes them allies of convenience. The same rings true for the other anti-Soviet forces. The Chechens, like the Slavs, are tools, to be used and discarded."
			"I see, sir." the aide nodded.
			The Commandant put the bust back down. "You may leave, now."
			"Of course, sir. Hail Victory." the aide saluted, before quickly leaving.
			The Commandant turned, and looked at a world map. He grinned, and put a large cross over Moscow.
			Then his eyes turned, and looked over at the UK. He drew a circle over Drackhill.
			"You're next, my boy."

		Battle of Grozny
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was the morning after their date, and Connor stood nervous outside Chloe's door. He hesitated, before knocking.
			In a few moments, she answered, visibly lighting up upon seeing him. "Hey!" she smiled.
			"Heya! Um, are you free for five minutes?"
			"Yeah, of course!" she beamed. "I was just about to head for work - but I think I can squeeze you in."
			"On a Saturday?"
			"Hey, overtime." she grinned.
			Connor smiled, and the two entered. They sat at her sofa.
			"So..." he began. "How are you feeling after yesterday?"
			She chuckled nervously, and blushed. "I, um... I really enjoyed our date." she admitted.
			Connor blushed likewise, and chuckled softly. "I... I really enjoyed it too." he smiled.
			He put a hand on her shoulder, and she brought it to her cheek. They both smiled softly.
			"Are you free today?" she asked.
			"That's actually what I was gonna say." he began. "I, uh--so, you know how the Syndicate is low on funding?"
			She nodded.
			"Well, me and Tommy are going to try and do something about it. We--" he said, quickly thinking of a cover story, "We've gotta go to Scotland. There's this job - legal, don't worry - and if it goes well, we might have enough income to reopen the community centre."
			She smiled proudly. "Is this because of that woman in town last week?"
			He nodded. "It's freezing out there - people need that centre."
			She pulled him in for a hug. He returned the embrace, and smiled.
			They pulled apart.
			"The thing is..." he began. "We're still so new. And I--I don't want you to feel like I'm just running off right after our first date, so..."
			She put her hand on his chest, and rested her forehead on his.
			"Connor." she smiled. "Never, ever choose not to do the right thing because of me."
			He smiled back, and looked in her eyes.
			She blushed, and kissed him. They both sank into it, and broke for air.
			"I'd best be off, anyway." she smiled. "I'll see you soon, yeah?"
			"Yeah, absolutely." he beamed.

			"Thanks for coming in, guys." Shannon began, rubbing her tired eyes.
			"No problem." Ivan wearily nodded. "What's wrong?"
			"Whiplash didn't make it back last night. Her comms went down shortly after she called about those robbers." she explained.
			"Shit... should we tell Connor?" asked Amy.
			"Nyet - he's on the plane to Mexico now." Ivan shook his head. "We tell him, he'll either abandon the op - a very bad thing to do when the FBI is paying - or, he'll be distracted. No - we can handle this together."
			"Damn right, we can." Sparky barked. "Oh... forgot no one could hear me."
			Amy knelt down, and stroked his ears.
			"Do you guys have any trackers, or anything?"
			"We suer do." Trey grinned. He brought up a screen on the laptop.
			"She's not moved from this warehouse. Working theory is, she's been kidnapped and held there."
			"But why? By who?" Amy tilted her head.
			"ODIN..." Ivan grimaced. "Her former handlers. If it were Paladin, they'd've killed her."
			"Sounds like it's time for us to move, then." Amy nodded grimly.
			"No way. You're not deploying on an op like this. Not without Connor." Ivan shook his head.
			"I have that vibro-thingy now!" she protested.
			"You're not a killer. At least, not yet. It takes time for... for it to get easier." Ivan sighed. "Last thing we need when fighting a bunch of psychic *urody* is for you to have to process a kill."
			She hesitated. "I can still help. My suit is perfect for shocking people - something I'd wager would be really handy when fighting psychics."
			"I'll be there." Sparky barked, wishing they could hear him. "I'm just as strong as Connor, so it's no different. I say Amy can come with us."
			"I *think* that was a vote in my favour." she grinned, stroking him.
			Ivan sighed. "Connor's gonna kill me... fine. But you do not engage directly. First, we recon the site. If it's too dangerous, I'm pulling you out. Understood?"
			"Sir, yes sir." she grinned.

			Olivia struggled against her bonds as the blade-weilding ODIN operative fixed probes, needles, and esoteric devices to her.
			"I won't... I won't come back..." she scowled.
			"Sister..." he whispered. "Do not resist."
			"Let me go... LET ME GO!"
			The devices activated, and her eyes blazed violet.

		Pre-Murillo/Sniffer Dogs
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Across the Atlantic, Connor sat on a high-end jetplane while an American man with a suit and an FBI badge briefed him.
			"Alright, so--" he began, revealing a map. "Murillo's a paranoid one. He's holed up in a compound out in Baja California - locals call it "La Villa del Lobo" - the Wolf's Villa. It's heavily guarded, and we believe his office is in the basement. The only way in is through the front door."
			Connor nodded, grinning. "I have a few ideas."
			"We'd ask that you keep casualties to a minimum, but as long as Murillo is dead, you'll get your payout." the man shrugged.
			"Look at my record on Hattab." Connor smirked. "Right, let's get to it."
			The man nodded, and slid a dossier across the table. "Murillo's a wildcard. A rogue element. His little slice of Baja Calafornia is turning into a fiefdom. And worse... his men hit a PaladinCorp depot in Texas last month. We know they stole *something* - Paladin won't tell us what."
			"Super-Serum." Connor grimaced.
			"We believe so. Your job is to stop that in its tracks - to send a message that wildcards won't be tolerated."
			Connor scanned the file. "So this isn't about justice. It's a hostile takeover."
			"The market doesn't like new entrants." the man shrugged. "He's making a product we can't control. That's bad for business."
			"Tell me honestly, because I'll know if you're lying." Connor began, his voice low. "You seem to know an awful lot about Paladin, when me and the KGB had to dig for all the intel we have. And now, you're sending me after on of their competitors. So be honest - where is this coming from?"
			"From the Bureau. Honest." the man nodded, a bead of sweat forming on his brow. "You're fighting the good fight here. Don't think that just because he's not a fascist means he can be trusted with super-goons."
			"Off the record..." Connor began. "What's the FBI's interest in this? No offence, but you lot don't seem particularly interested in Central American prosperity."
			The man chuckled grimly. "Well, I'm FBI, not CIA. Besides, the State Department still has a vested interest in taking down Murillo. You're right, Mexico is our back yard - and Murillo doesn't wanna play ball. Instability like that is bad for business."
			Connor grinned. "So, it comes down to the Almighty Dollar after all."
			"Damn right."
			Connor leant back. "So, let me get this straight. The State Department doesn't like him because he's not playing ball with *your* cartels, only his own. You're not sending me to stop the drug trade; you're sending me to enforce a monopoly. Have I got that right?"
			"We're replacing a chaotic variable with a predictable one, yes. That's good for stability."
			Connor sighed, conflicted. "I don't know... it just feels like I'm being played, here."
			"Look, Murillo getting his hands on super-serum isn't something any of us want. Is it?"
			Connor shook his head, then changed the subject. "Anyway, isn't this the part where we go over the regional history?"
			"I'm FBI. My expertise extends to "Some of the drugs we caught the CIA selling originated here.""
			"Riveting." Connor smirked.
			The man laughed, and they arrived on a private airfield in Baja California. They disembarked, and the man showed Connor to an ATV.
			"Buena caza, mi amigo." he grinned. Connor smirked, and drove onwards.

			Over in Belson, Chloe began looking over the lab rats they'd been applying serum to.
			"By the way, Jones..." she began, her brow furrowed. "Where are we getting all this from?"
			"Downstairs - that's all I know." Jones shrugged. "Anyway, findings?"
			"Applying it to adults has had a number of effects. Major increases in musclemass, bone density, endurance... and some small cognitive improvements."
			"Any drawbacks?"
			"Increased aggression, and signs of pain - courtesy of the paradrenaline, no doubt. Also, they become completely sterile. Their germ cells have completely random numbers of chromosomes, or sometimes none at all. Even stranger, the males appear to have a tiny number of inert egg cells developing in their testes, while the females have inert sperm cells in their ovaries. Likely, the mutations have confused their stem cells. That fits with my theory that their mutations are imperfect because their brain can't direct their generative cells properly."
			Jones nodded, stroking his chin. "What about the tests on pregnant rats?"
			Chloe shuddered slightly. "Injecting pregnant rats directly led to terminations of their pregnancies. Accepting the mutations makes you unable to bear children at all, it seems. As for in-utero exposure to the fetuses directly... Most of them simply spontanaeosly abort. A large number of the mother rats suffer severe aneurysms, too. It looks like serum-injected fetuses produce massive amounts of paradrenaline, which gets into the mother's system and causes the haemorrhaging. A couple of births have happened so far - all stillbirths... except for one."
			She showed him a tiny rat in an incubator. Despite all the other rats being albino as was common for lab-rats, including its parents - this one had healthy melanin levels.
			"Her mother died during birth, same as most. But she's the only one that survived in-utero exposure." she explained. "Rat pregnancies don't take long, and they give birth in litters - meaning we could produce several in a short amount of time. Still, there have been over 200 in-utero exposures, and she's the only one who survived."
			"Amazing..." Jones gasped. "Have you tested its DNA yet?"
			Chloe winced slightly at the use of 'It.' "No, not yet. She's still so fragile, I... I don't want to start taking samples until she gets a little bigger."
			"I understand..." Jones nodded. "But this has to be done. I'll take the sample - if anything goes wrong, it's my fault alone, okay?"
			Chloe sighed, but nodded silently, and left. Jones stuck a big needle into the tiny rat, and drew some blood into a vial.

			Outside Murillo's compound, Connor stood menacingly. Two guards stood outside the front gate.
			"Hey!" one guard barked. "Que crees que estas haciendo aqui?!"
			The two guards at the gate were professionals, armed with sleek rifles, not the patched-together gear of street thugs. 
			The second didn't shout; he calmly spoke into his wrist mic. "Intruso, puerta principal."
			This wasn't a normal gang. This was a private army.
			Behind Connor's back, his costume morphed. A crossbow formed around his wrist, and loaded itself with a ball. Connor rose this, and fired right into the guard's head.
			The guard's eyes rolled back, and he collapsed to the ground, out cold. The other rushed to draw his gun, but the crossbow reloaded and redrew itself without delay. It fired, taking that one down too. He morphed up his full suit, and re-created the ballistic shield from the bridge incident, before kicking the gate down.
			"MATALO!" a guard roared, as a hail of bullets came Connor's way. He ducked behind his shield, and thought for a second, before grinning. He morphed his crossbow throught the sheild - like a Roman ballista - and began shooting. He swapped his ammo out for makeshift Bolas - tangling the men onto the ground, gift-wrapped for the Federales.
			Women, drug dealers, and other civilians rushed out the gateway, as Connor continued through. Each shot of the bow sent another gunman down to the ground. Finally, the room went quiet, save the grunts and struggles of half-conscious gunmen.
			He looked down, and realised his costume had gone thin - very thin. He used up most of its material making the Bolas, and would need time to regrow. Time he didn't have.
			He shrugged, and un-morphed the bow and shield, pushing it back under his skin to help him recover. He headed down to the basement.
			There, Murillo sat, holding his hands together. Not praying, but waiting. Two bodyguards opened fire, but Connor was a blur - taking both down in moments.
			"Ramon Murillo?" Connor asked, grinning.
			"Si." he nodded, rising. "Let me guess. La Cia's attack dog."
			Murillo's eyes had a weary quality - easily missable under the black veins of a Super-Agent.
			"FBI's, actually." Connor chuckled. "Right, we can do this quick if you like - or you can monologue for bit, it's your choice."
			Murillo chuckled mirthlessly. "All this time, I kept wondering - will they send a man, or a missile? Looks like they sent both."
			His face turned to a scowl. "Your Optimate paymasters must be very proud."
			"I'm not with the Optimates." Connor growled. "I'm here because you're doing the same as them. And I'm the man - or the missile - who stops that."
			Murillo grinned. "That's life. It's evolution. Survival of the fittest. Now, Paladin's got it all wrong - they think being a gringo makes you superior. It doesn't. Only three things do - ruthless determination, stepping on every poor bastard beneath you... and this." he said, revealing a syringe of serum.
			"You're both wrong. Look at me - I'm supposed to be a super-weapon, and instead I protect people." Connor replied in cold defiance.
			"And who are you protecting right now? You're here to kill me!"
			"I'm protecting every poor bastard getting stepped on." Connor snarled back.
			Murillo sighed. "In this world, it's eat or be eaten. All that power, and you still don't get it."
			"I don't." said Connor, rising. "I don't understand why anyone would hurt other people like this. What is it? Simple greed? Lust for power? Spite?"
			"Spite." Murillo chuckled. "You know, I was an asset of the gringos - in the 2000s. You wanna watch them. They're manipulative, and conniving."
			"You worked for them?" Connor tilted his head. "That's not..."
			"That's not what they told you?" Murillo chuckled. "No kidding. They tell lies as easily as breathe. You're on the wrong side, kid."
			"What are you saying?"
			"Join me." Murillo grinned devilishly. "I know my place in the food chain, and it's under you, and Paladin. But together... maybe we could take them down."
			Connor sheathed his blade. "Alright, I won't kill you."
			"Good... good..."
			"Don't get comfy. You're coming with me."

		Villa del Lobo
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The three heroes of Drackhill stood at Ivan's recon point, looking down at the small safehouse.
			"One operative, armed with blades." he noted, peering through his binoculars. "Whiplash's in the middle, bound up."
			"Do we have any idea what he's capable of?" Amy asked nervously.
			"No clue. We have a file on ODIN that's about half a paragraph long." he sighed. "From what she's told me, though, she's an elite of theirs - most can't do what she does. They're still dangerous, though."
			Sparky's crimson eyes looked the facility up and down.
			"Ivan." he barked. Then he pointed with his nose to the edge of the roof, and pointed again at the windows. He barked quickly, as if imitating gunfire.
			"You... you want me providing cover fire?" he tilted his head.
			Sparky nodded. He turned to Amy, and mimed a punch, before shaking his head and yawning.
			"...I'm supposed to stun him? What, if he tries to use any powers on us?"
			Again, a nod of the wolf's head.
			"...you make a good tactician, chuvak." Ivan beamed. "Alright, I can't think of a better plan. Still - Stunlocke, I recommend you hold back to begin with. Let Sparky get an idea of exactly how his powers work before you go charging in."
			"Last thing we need is to find out he has electrokinesis..." she grimaced. "Alright, I'm game."
			"Well, team... let's do this." he nodded, drawing Isabella and looking through her scope.

			The safehouse doors slammed open as the scarlet-eyed wolf prowled in. He looked up at the ODIN Agent.
			"Let my friend go." he barked.
			"An Esper dog? No... You must be Subject 6!" the Agent grinned.
			"That's not my name anymore." Sparky growled lowly. "Let her go!"
			Olivia's head was slumped down, as she twitched in her chair.
			"She's with us, now. Leave, or you will regret it."
			"I'm leaving here with her." he snarled. "And your head."
			"Pity." the Agent sighed, drawing his blade.
			*KK-BOOM!*
			Ivan's bullet tore through the air, smashing through a window and slamming right into the Agent's head - or, it would've.
			Instead, the bullet buried in the wall behind, as the Agent moved so fast to the side, he almost teleported.
			"Chyort... careful, Sparky." Ivan warned over the comms.
			Sparky's eyes blazed, as he pounced forwards.

			The Agent dashed again, but Sparky was quick. He turned on his axis in a way that would dislocate a normal wolf's spine, and snapped his teeth out. They cut across the Agent's leg. First blood.
			The Agent didn't even flinch. Instead, he swept his blade outwards, raking Sparky's side.
			The wolf snarled as he took another bite - this time at the Agent's gut. He cut past the kevlar into the flesh, and went to bite deeper - but the Agent was again a blur. Before Sparky could even clamp down, he moved a few feet backwards.

			"Okay... his power seems limited to only a short distance, and he can't do it too much." Ivan whispered over the radio.
			"I'm going in." Amy nodded.
			"Stay where you are - that's an order." Ivan barked.
			She scowled under her visor, watching the fight go on.

			Sparky lunged forwards again, trying to catch his elusive prey.
			"Stay still!" he roared.
			The Agent laughed, flash-stepping to the side and sending a stab to his hind leg.
			Sparky howled in pain, and ripped his claws across the Agent's chest. He bled, and Sparky pressed his attack by gripping on, tight.
			The Agent shifted, but only by a pace or two. Sparky fell to the floor, dazed somewhat.
			"Feels weird, doesn't it?" the Agent grinned. "Not something it's easy to get used to, I'll tell you."
			He raised his blade. "Don't worry about Whiplash. We'll take good care of her."
			Before he could taunt any more. Sparky lurched upwards, and the Agent dashed back.
			Amy grinned as she realised what he'd done, and punched her hand through the drywall. It slammed into his back.
			The shock gauntlets pulsed into him, and he howled in pain, scrambling to get away. He fell to his knees, and frantically swept his sword backwards.
			It made a weird, almost sloshing sound as it clashed with Amy's Vibroblade. Her sword went through his like a hot knife through butter, and he held the hilt in shock.
			"It's over!" Sparky roared. "Give up, and let her go!"
			"GRAAGH!" the Agent screamed, driving the rest of the blade into Sparky's chest. He pulled out and went to strike again, before--
			*SHK-SQUELCH!*
			The Agent spat hot blood, and looked down. The Vibroblade poked out from his torso.
			He shifted to the side, but it didn't budge - it only cut deeper. More gore fell out, and Amy dragged the blade from his back. She scraped it along the ground, sending sparks into the air, before swinging it up, and back down in a circle.
			The Agent's head slid off, and made a sickening *plop* as it fell.
			Amy panted - both in exhaustion and horror.
			"Stunlocke - well done." Ivan quickly said over the radio. "You did good, okay?"
			"Deep breaths." Sparky added, licking his wounds. "It's okay. You're safe. We're all safe now."
			Amy looked up, her eyes shaking behind her visor.
			"Let's... let's just get Whiplash outta here."
			She walked over, and cut Olivia's restraints. She stumbled to her feet, her eyes blazing violet.
			"Olivia! Are you okay?" Sparky asked.
			He was answered by a kick to the head that sent him tumbling backwards.
			"Oh, blyat..." Ivan grimaced.

			"Olivia, it's me! Sparky! Your friend!" he pleaded, as she sent a punch to Amy's chest that sent her skidding.
			She crouched down and coughed. "Jesus... and I thought it was bad when she hanged me."
			"My bullets won't work - she can deflect them. Not that we're here to shoot her anyway." Ivan sighed. "Amy - find a way to shock her."
			"She's agile." Amy radioed back. "I feel like I'm running underwater against her."
			"Olivia, please!" Sparky begged, pouncing into her chest. He knocked her back, but she struck him again.
			Amy dived in, wrapping her in a tackle. She sent volt after volt into their brainwashed friend, before releasing the grip.
			Olivia stumbled forward, and Sparky pounced again. He pinned her down, as she jabbed him in the side with her fists.
			"Stop! You don't want to do this!" he barked.
			"Amy..." Ivan began unsurely. "Sparky can take it - shock them both."
			"No! I can't just do that!"
			"You don't have a choice."
			Sparky tried to hold her down, but each strike felt like it hit him three times. He was fast running out of options.
			Then, an idea. He shoved his head up against hers, and closed his eyes.

			He felt weightless.
			Not like he was floating... 'massless' might be a better term.
			Colours and shapes formed and deformed like bubbles on a fizzy drink. He looked around, and saw less than nothing.
			And then, everything.
			"KILL. KILL. KILL." a voice pounded inside their heads.
			"No! They're my friends! I... I can't!" she begged.
			"Olivia! It's me!"
			"Sparky?!"
			"KILL! KILL! KILL!"
			"Who's that?" Sparky barked into the formless void.
			"Sparky, I... I can't stop it." she lamented.
			"Yes you can!" he nodded. "It's your body, not theirs!"
			"You don't get it! They've conditioned me since I was a little girl! They've made me into a weapon! I DON'T HAVE A CHOICE!"
			"Then kill me." Sparky nodded.
			"I..." she thought, frozen in her mind. "I... don't want to."
			"Then don't."
			She opened her eyes, as did he. He saw through her eyes, and she saw through his. Two became one.
			The devices attatched to her began to spark. Then, both screamed as their eyes burned violet, before going limp.
			Ivan leapt down from his perch, and observed the scene.
			"They're... they're alive." he nodded.
			Amy took a deep breath. "Is it normally this... weird?"
			"This is one of the stranger days." Ivan quipped. "Base, this is Sokolov. Whiplash is secure."
			"Nice one." Shannon smiled. "How is she?"
			"Unconscious. So's Spartacus."
			"Damn..." Trey sighed. "You'd better get back here, then."
			"Prinyal." Ivan nodded. "I'll take Sparky, you take her?"
			Amy smiled faintly, hoisting their hopefully un-brainwashed friend atop her shoulders, and the pair headed to his car.

		ODIN fight
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Back at Villa del Lobo, Connor re-formed a bolas.
			"Don't try to run. I'm *very* quick on my feet. I might hate the Optimates... but I'm not out to replace them with *you.*"
			Murillo sighed. "It's such a shame, really. We could've made such good partners."
			He took out a pair of earmuffs. "Nos vemos en el infierno."
			Connor tilted his head, before realising. Murillo pressed a big red button, and an ultrasonic boom ripped through Connor's eardrums.
			He fell to the ground. The bodyguards woke from their torpor in agony, before going still, blood pouring from the noses and ears. Connor clutched his head, and tried to make it stop - but it wouldn't.
			Finally, an idea came to him, and he struggled. He used all his might to force his costume to change, and it did - two spikes, one on each index finger. He took a deep breath, and jammed them into his ears.
			The pain was awful, as he tore out his own inner ear. He screamed, but only felt the roar come from his throat - he heard nothing.
			He raised his claws. Murillo looked like he said "Puta madre!" but Connor couldn't tell. He swiped down, cleaving the desk in two. Murillo ducked out of the way, taking advantage of Connor's disorientation. He pressed a button, and Connor felt the vibrations stop on his skin - but nothing on his ears. Those were gone for now.
			He chased Murillo up the stairs like a wild animal. But as he reached the top, a new horror came.
			A Giant. Just like the ones in Belson. It grabbed him by the throat, and threw him out through the glass walls, sending him careening into the garden.
			Connor rose, and spat blood, before assuming a fighting stance. He shook his head, and braced.
			Then, another Giant came out.
			"Fuck..." Connor whispered--well, he probably shouted--"Two of them?!"
			The two walked towards him menacingly. He took a deep breath, and charged.

			The clash sent a shockwave that even Connor could hear. The two titans began beating him, as he beat them. No one was trying to block any attacks - they just wanted each other to die.
			One Giant grabbed Connor and held him, while the other freely pummeled him in the face.
			"Get off me... get *off* me..." Connor barked.
			He felt his strength draw back into his body, and he closed his eyes.
			"GET OFF ME!" he roared. He *heard* the roar. His hearing was back.
			The Rage returned. He broke free, and barreled into one of them.
			He swiped with his claws like a rabid wildcat. The Giant put his guard up, but even that wasn't enough. Connor simply took advantage of the size difference, and clawed at the Giant's belly, disemboweling him.
			Then, he turned, ripping open the second one's tendons and armour. It raised him up, and bashed him into the wall, leaving cracked bricks and concrete dust. Connor responded by morphing his leg-armour into a blade, and sliced open the Giant's forearm. It howled in agony, and Connor finished the job - a blade to the throat, going through and taking out the spinal column. He grinned at last, and swiped, beheading the monster.
			Connor stood there, panting, exhausted. The last Giant, clutched his bowels, and roared. The two met, their fists connecting with each other's heads. They both fell, and Connor got up. The Giant didn't.
			Connor walked forwards, before falling to his knees. With that, the Federales arrived on the scene. They saw the sights and were horrified. Connor fell, unable to retain consciousness.

			A few hours later, he awoke. He was back on the plane, heading back. The FBI man went pale upon seeing him rise.
			"You... you're okay..." he stammered.
			Connor shrugged. "Seems so. Did Murillo get away?"
			"No." the man shook his head. "The Federales caught him, and we intervened, taking him into our custody."
			"He has the Giants..." Connor noted grimly. "How the hell did he get those?"
			The man shrugged. "Most likely, he made them himself - some kind of botch job."
			"Botch job?"
			"Well for starters, they were both locals. Second, we haven't done a full autopsy - but looking at the difference, it seems these two weren't anywhere near as tough. They said they needed bonesaws just to break the last one's skin - but the boys in Quantico have had no such trouble. These jokers were made as an imitation. Explains why you needed help killing one in the past, but you could take down two today."
			Connor stroked his chin, deep in thought. "We on our way back?" he finally asked.
			"Yeah. We're just arriving at DC now." the man nodded. "From there, you'll get a plane to Edinburgh, and then from there to Drackhill."
			"Hang on a second. Murillo's in your custody, right? You guys wanted him dead."
			"We did. And now we've confirmed he's got a supply of serum, that changes things."
			"You want an asset back." Connor growled. "You want your own supply line."
			"This is war." the FBI man shrugged.
			Connor stood up, snarling viciously. "I'll be keeping an eye on you. Don't think for a fuckin' second you can do this. Nobody plays me, not even Uncle Sam. If I find out you've been getting serum, I'll burn your Capitol to the ground. Got me?"
			The man cowered downwards. "Listen, you do that, we'll..."
			"What? WHAT?! YOU'LL DO WHAT?!" Connor barked like a rabid dog. "Something no-one in power seems to get - I'm different. I'm an army. That serum is poison. NO-ONE GETS TO USE IT! Not Murillo, not the Optimates, not the FBI, not the KGB, fuckin' no-one! Do I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR TO YOU?!"
			"Okay... we'll send the interrogation logs to the KGB. I promise."
			"Fuckin' better. And where's my money?"
			"Look who cares about Almighty Dollar now." the man smirked, before faltering. "Yeah, the money's been wired. Don't spend it all at once."
			Connor grunted ferally, and they landed in DC.

		Murillo Fight
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor stretched as the plane landed in Drackhill Airport. He looked at himself in a mirror, and chuckled - he'd fully healed. He rubbed his ears, and felt them pop as they hit the ground. A small bit of blood leaked out - likely from the battle. He shuddered, wiped his ears, and walked out.
			It was late night, now. He stepped out from the terminal into the arrivals lounge, and sighed.
			He saw a cab waiting for him - "Morgan's Taxis." He smiled, and entered.
			"'Ello, mate!" Phil began. "I saw it was you we were picking up - thought I'd show me face."
			Connor beamed. "Hey, Phil! Yeah, good to see you actually *driving* one of these rather than being sat in your office." he snarked.
			Phil laughed heartily. "You know, I swear to God, Trey gets his smartarse tendencies from you."
			"Nah, don't sell yourself short." Connor grinned. Phil chuckled, and they drove on.
			"So, how'd it go? Trey tells me you were up in Scotland." Phil began.
			"Y-Yeah, it went well." Connor shrugged. "We managed to secure some investors for the Community Centre refurb."
			"They're rebuilding it, are they?" Phil asked, smiling warmly. "Good lad, then. What was your job?"
			"Mainly, playing up how rough Redbridge youths have it." Connor grinned. "Gave them a good ol' sob story."
			"Well, not far from the truth." Phil nodded. "That centre was the heart and soul of this town. If they could open that up again - well, I reckon things might just turn around."
			Connor leant back, smiling. They arrived outside the garage.
			"You're not going back to work for tonight, are you?"
			"Nah, just... I left a few bits here. I'll crash on the sofas tonight." Connor explained.
			"Fair enough, mate." Phil smiled. Connor went to tap his card, but he chuckled.
			"On the house. Consider it a favour for everything you did for my boy."
			Connor smiled warmly. "Thanks, Phil. See you around!"
			Phil honked his horn farewell, and drove off.

			Connor opened up the doors, and headed down to the basement.
			"Evening, Shannon! How's patrolling going for--" he began, before going pale.
			"Sparky! Olivia! What's wrong?!"
			"Hey, Connor..." Shannon began awkwardly. "Uh... no patrols tonight, we're... busy."
			"They're okay." Amy said softly. "Just resting."
			"What happened?"
			"Olivia was kidnapped by ODIN." Ivan nodded grimly. "We mounted a rescue mission, but... they had some device or something on her head. Kept her under their thumb. Sparky must've mind-merged with her, and somehow broke it - knocking both out."
			Connor rushed over, and pressed his hands against their heads.
			"Yeah, they're okay. Just sleeping it off." he nodded. "Fuck..."
			"Stunlocke was exceptional." Ivan smiled proudly.
			"You were there?" he tilted his head.
			"In a support capacity." she shrugged. "The guy who was holding her had some weird ability - he could, like, dash really quick or something? Anyway, Sparky herded him over to me, and I zapped him enough for us to get an opening. Then, I..." 
			Connor didn't hesitate. He wrapped his sister in a bear hug. She took a moment to register, before melting into it.
			"Are you okay?" he asked softly.
			"I feel like I *shouldn't* be." she shook her head. "But it was him or us."
			Connor gave a sad smile. "Listen, if you wanna take a break from all of this--"
			"No." she cut in. "I'm okay. Besides, my job is the street-level - so this won't happen often. I'll be alright."
			Connor nodded proudly. "That's the tricky part of this job. Making calls like that. I wouldn't let you wear the suit if I didn't trust you to make the right ones."
			Amy smiled softly. "After that, when Olivia came at us, I zapped her too - gave Sparky an opening to sort it."
			Connor beamed, and hugged her. "Nice work, Stunlocke. Good to know the city's safe while I'm away."
			"Oh, chyort, I forgot! How did it go?" Ivan asked.
			"Murillo's alive - the Americans have taken him away."
			"No doubt they've put him in one of their so-called 'black sites.'" Ivan noted. "You still get paid?"
			"Yeah, and get this. The Americans want to get their own supply of Serum."
			"Of course they do. Greedy, capitalist pigs..." Ivan muttered. Connor wasn't sure if he was playing a stereotype, or being genuine there.
			"Anyway, Murillo had Giants, too. Homemade ones. My advice? Keep your eyes on him. If the Feds make him vanish, tell me. I can make good on some earlier threats."
			Ivan grinned. "Busy day, then."
			"He knew about one of my weaknesses too - the sonic one." Connor sighed. "Murillo's dangerous."
			"You're a lot more." Shannon chimed in.
			"Hah. Thanks. Anyway - how's your day been?"
			"Oh, so-so." she shrugged. "Currently troubleshooting some issue with our networks."
			"Hah... trouble-shooting." Ivan grinned. "I shoot trouble, too."
			"Hey... that can be your codename!" Amy beamed. "Troubleshooter!"
			Ivan stroked his beard, before bursting into a smile. "Hell yeah. Forget Sokolov - my call sign is Troubleshooter. I'd say it in Russian, but there isn't a single word for it."
			Connor rolled his eyes. "We need a codename for Shannon, now. It's not fair to leave her out."
			"Eh, codename implies action. I've got a cushy desk job here - I don't wanna jinx it." she shrugged.
			"Jinx!" Amy gasped. "Oh, I'm on *fire* tonight."
			"Jinx... that works!" Shannon grinned.
			"...productive evening." Connor scoffed.

			Back in Belson, Morland went over some paperwork, as Jones knocked on the door.
			"Sir - we've had a breakthrough." he began. "The rat - the one who survived in-utero exposure - its DNA results just came back."
			"And?"
			Jones replied by showing a chromosome chart. 42 normal rat chromosomes - and 15 extra. The same as the Werewolf's extras."
			"My god..." he gasped. "It worked..."
			Jones looked around shiftily. "The death rate - it's the same as with Fenrir... and with Progeny. I... I think we can say with certainty now, this 'Werewolf' ....is one of the children. I recommend we try and track down the---"
			"This is strictly confidential." Morland shook his head. "You don't tell anybody. Not your co-workers, not your little intern Miss Derrington, *nobody.*"
			Jones hesitated, but nodded, and left.
			Morland pulled out his phone.
			"Commandant, sir? It worked. A Progeny-compliant rat."
			"Death toll?"
			"Just over 200. They were litters - so in humans, the death toll still matches '96."
			"Excellent news." the Commandant said at last, after a deep breath of excitement. "Good work. Now, kill the rat. Immediately."
			"Of course, sir." Morland nodded. "Last thing we need is the traitor getting another Subject 6 on his hands... least of all one as sneaky as a rat."
			"I'll handle it. In case of any unexpected activations." the Commandant said, cutting off the call.

			Olivia and Sparky's eyes snapped open in unison.
			"Hey, hey, it's okay, you're both okay." Connor rushed over.
			"Fuck... my head is killing me." Olivia groaned.
			"Mine, too." Sparky nodded, stretching.
			"Oh my god." Amy gasped.
			"Bozhe moy..." Ivan tilted his head.
			Shannon didn't speak, she just went pale.
			"What? What's wrong?" Connor asked, confused.
			"Did you guys hear that too?" Amy asked.
			"Y-yeah..." Shannon nodded, as did Ivan.
			"Hear what?" Olivia cocked an eyebrow.
			"We can hear Sparky!" Amy exclaimed.
			"Wait, really?" he gasped.
			"Yes! Bud, we can hear you!"
			Sparky stood still for a moment, before erupting in a flurry of excited licks.
			"Oh my god! You can hear me! This is a miracle!" he cheered.
			"How is this possible?" Connor asked.
			"...the mind-merge." Olivia nodded. "When those devices shorted, they sent a psychic feedback into our brains. Knocked us out. Such a burst of psychic energy... it could theoretically enhance existing Esper qualities - like Sparky's speech. Make it so non-Espers can hear him."
			Connor beamed, then approached his packmate.
			"Connor! They can all hear me!" he barked giddily.
			"I know, buddy. I'm really happy for you." he smiled. "But... there's a slight problem."
			"...which is?"
			"You... you still can't talk to Chloe and Bea. Or anyone else who knows you as Sparky instead of the Werewolf." Connor said, slightly pained.
			Sparky whimpered slightly. "But I really wanna talk to them!"
			"Hey, buddy..." Amy said softly. "Think of it as the same as Connor's secret, yeah? As soon as it's safe for them to know the truth, you can talk to them."
			He hesitated. "Can I still talk to everyone else?"
			"Of course. Everyone who knows our secret - as well as anyone we see when in costume - it's fine to talk to." Connor nodded. "From now on, I think you're gonna be a lot less lonely."
			Sparky grinned cheekily. "I'm gonna prank Trey."
			The gang giggled at that, and Sparky immediately got to work telling his life story to his non-Esper packmates.

			Connor shuffled over to Olivia, whose eyes were phasing from blue to violet, and back again.
			"Everything okay?" he asked.
			"Better than okay..." she grinned. She pointed her hand at a stack of papers, and waved it.
			Immediately, a gust of wind knocked them from the table.
			"Holy shit. How'd you do that?" he asked.
			"Air is in constant motion. And with the feedback settled, I can manipulate it too." she grinned. "I think... I think I just got a power boost."
			"ODIN's gonna rue the day." Connor chuckled.
			She noddded softly. "This team... it saved my life. I've... I've never had people like that before."
			"You do now." he smiled. "You're one of us, like it or not."
			She scoffed, but smiled back. As he rejoined the gang, she leaned back, deep in thought.

			Trey sauntered into the basement, yawning. Most had gone home - only Shannon and Sparky remained.
			"Yo - everything okay?" he asked wearily.
			"Yeah, just needed a second pair of eyes on something." Shannon nodded, hiding her smirk. "Sorry to call you in so late."
			"Hey, it's fine." he smiled, before looking down at Sparky. "Hey, buddy!"
			"Hey, Trey! How was your day?"
			"Yeah, good thanks mate--HOLY SHIT!"
			"Woof? Arf?"
			Trey rubbed his eyes gently. "Oh, uh... sorry bud, think I'm half asleep."
			"No worries!" Sparky grinned cheekily.
			"WHAT THE FU--"

		Post-Murillo + I Hear You

	Odin's Eye
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			It was the 1st of June, 2003. The sun shone over Derry, and in the Bogside, a small house stood.
			Two masked men rushed away from the car, parked in the driveway. One turned to the other.
			"No surrender, brother." he nodded.
			"Aye. Hail Victory." the other replied.
			They both ran away.
			Connor sat in the living room. "Why can't I come?" he asked sadly.
			"Sure, you'll embarrass us, boy." Eamon replied, gruffly.
			Geraldine sighed. She knelt down, and stroked Connor's shoulder. She was wearing her Sunday best.
			"Don't worry, darling. I'll read you the verses just like always once we get home." she smiled softly.
			Connor hugged her tight. She held him for a moment.
			"Geraldine, come on!" Eamon barked. She rolled her eyes out of sight, and stood.
			"Remember, Connor." she turned at the door. "What do we say if Prods come knocking while granny and grandad are gone?"
			"We say nothing, and we play hide-and-seek until they're gone." Connor recited. Geraldine rubbed his hair proudly.
			"Get in the fuckin' car!" Eamon snarled.
			Geraldine frowned, and headed to the car.
			"Always giving out to me, like... Sure, I'm only your wife, for God's sake..." she muttered quietly.
			Connor held the door open, and watched as they entered the car.
			"Shut that door now!" Eamon barked. Connor sighed.
			Eamon turned the keys into the ignition.
			It clicked, ran, and stopped. He cursed, and turned again.
			It clicked, ran, and stopped.
			"Fuckin' thing!" he snapped, smacking the dashboard, before turning the keys once more.
			It clicked, ran, and--KA-FHWOOM.
			The shockwave of the explosion knocked Connor onto his back. For a moment, his ears rang louder than anything, and his vision was blackened and blurry.
			The small boy struggled to his feet. He stood, and fell, his knees buckling.
			He crawled towards the car, as a foul stench flodded his nostrils. Petrol, melted rubber - no. Something worse.
			Burning. Burning flesh.
			He looked up. The ringing in his ears subsided just long enough to hear screams. Not just screams of fear, but of pure, unadulterated agony. Geraldine frantically rolled around on the ground, before going still as the fires took her.
			Eamon's headless body slumped down, the fires claiming it.
			Neighbours rushed to the wreckage, only to turn white in shock.
			Undaunted, Connor crawled over to his grandmother's corpse, and tried desperately to put the fire out. His hands turned red and bloody from the burns, but he didn't stop until the fire turned to smoke.
			He held her body for what felt like a thousand years. He pressed his ear to her chest, listening for a heartbeat.
			It never came.

		Grandparent's Death
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The sun rose above the valley, and after what felt like a short while, set again. Come the evening, Chloe arrived outside Connor's place.
			He answered, and gave her a deep embrace.
			"Haha, hey..." he smiled. "I missed you."
			"Missed you too..." she whispered, before blushing. They entered, and sat down.
			"So!" Connor began, smirking and holding a DVD of Red Rebellion. "You wanted to watch this."
			"Hell yeah!" Chloe grinned.
			She sat down on the sofa, making herself comfortable.
			"Where's Sparky?" she asked.
			"Oh, and here I thought you were here to see me." Connor snarked. She rolled her eyes and chuckled.
			"He's with Amy - she said it's her turn with the big bad wolf."
			"Bless her." Chloe grinned. "I bet they're curled up fast asleep, right now."

			"Alright, team, here's your assignments for tonight." Shannon nodded. "Troubleshooter, you're on recon duty, as per. Stunlocke, you're on bike patrol across Belson. Predator, you're on glider duty over Caldermouth. Whiplash, given your recent powerup, I've earmarked tonight for training. Try learning how to glide like the Werewolves do!"
			"It's really fun!" Sparky smiled. "And now that you can mess with air, you'll be amazing at it!"
			"Thanks, buddy." Olivia grinned. "Where's Connor--Sorry, 'Vanguard?'"
			"He's on a date." Amy beamed. "And unless there's a crisis, he's not getting called away."

			Connor grinned. "Anyway, how have you been while I've been away?"
			"Yeah, not bad." she shrugged. "Work was tough today."
			Connor gently brushed her shoulder. "I'm sorry. Wanna talk about it?"
			She smiled softly. "You remember the Hox project I told you about?"
			"The regenerating limbs one?"
			"Yeah, that's the one." she nodded. "Anyway, we... well, we isolated some DNA from the Werewolf, and it looks like we've found a way to trigger the effect in mammals. But..." she shuddered. "It didn't work properly."
			"How so?" Connor tilted his head, intrigued.
			"We couldn't turn it off." she admitted. "It was horrible. We tested it on lab mice, and the poor things became... twisted. New limbs, tendrils, cancerous growths..."
			Connor pulled her in for a hug. She gratefully returned the embrace.
			"It just... I get why we're testing on animals, but... it feels cruel. It makes me worry about the company."
			Connor shuddered - knowing full well that Morland was connected. He forced himself to not react, and took a deep breath.
			"How so?" he asked.
			"Well... they don't care. Or rather, all they seem to care about is how much money they can make off of it." she explained. "I put in a request to terminate the specimens, but it's been turned down. They won't even let me apply additional pain relief, in case it interferes with the studies."
			Connor offered a sympathetic smile. "I'm sorry..." he said. "That must be horrible. Do... do you still want to work there?"
			She paused, deep in thought. "I'm not sure." she finally said. "Like, if we can get this to work, it'd improve millions of lives. Hell, there's several benefits beyond regenerative medicine - after all, having control over body growth would basically mean an instant cure for cancer. But... I'm not sure I can stomach the unethical side. And if they're willing to be so cruel... is it really safe to let *them* take ownership of the technology?"
			Connor nodded in understanding. "I hear you. And hey - you're a genius, Chloe. I mean it. The mere fact you figured out how to turn it *on* says that. I don't doubt you'll be able to crack this thing... but like you said, there's the question of who gets to control it afterwards."
			His mind turned to Paladin. He banished the thoughts.
			She smiled softly. "Thanks... I guess I've got some soul-searching to do. But anyway, enough about that." she said, reaching for the remote. "Let's watch this."
			Connor smiled, as they put the movie on.
			The two cuddled up in a blanket next to each other, as it played. They laughed at the funny parts, winced at the scary parts, and held each other's hands through the sad parts.
			"Whoa..." she whispered, as they watched the plucky young hero struggle as the cannibal virus tempted him further. "That's a really good metaphor for addiction."
			"In a cannibal spy flick." Connor grinned.
			"I, uh... I'll stop talking." she added hurriedly.
			He smirked. "I've seen this film a thousand times. And we're both natterers when it comes to movies."
			She smiled, relaxing.

			"That's the part I don't get, Novikov." the cult leader chuckled. "You know how delicious it is. So why won't you just eat?"
			"It's... it's wrong..." he spat, shaking and twitching.
			"Oh, it's wrong, is it?" the leader snarled. "It's the way of the world! The strong eat the weak. You, Novikov - you've tasted its power. The strength of the virus, made manifest. Why don't you just *GIVE IN?!*"
			"Like you did? That's what it's all about, isn't it? You gave in. You failed. You chose to do the wrong thing. And you can't stand that I won't! You can't look at me, because I'm proof that you're wrong! You didn't have to do this - you *wanted* to!"
			Connor smiled, anticipating the next moment. Chloe jumped as Novikov was impaled through the guts.
			"Shit!" she gasped, before covering her mouth. "Oh, sorry, I--"
			Connor laughed. "That's the first time I've heard you swear."
			She giggled, and blushed. "I've been hanging out with you guys for too long."
			"Hey, blame Amy!" Connor faux-protested. "She's the one who has to say 'fuck' every 5 minutes or she explodes."
			Chloe laughed, then looked back at the screen. "Th-that's a lot of blood."
			"You know, I heard the production crew ended up using all the fake blood in Norway."
			Then, his phone rang.
			"Oh, shite." he said, seeing the number. "It's my boss, Tommy."
			Chloe paused the film, and he answered.
			"Hey, boss - everything okay?"
			"No, not good." Tommy said worriedly. "Patriots are smashing up Raj's as we speak. Me and Pawel are on our way - we need you."
			Connor winced, and hesitated. "Isn't anyone else available?"
			"I called Shannon - I'm sorry mate, but you're closest."
			"Alright, fine, just... give me a moment."
			He cut off the call, and turned to face Chloe. She looked sad - maybe a little disappointed.
			"I'm so sorry." he began. "The, um - the Patriots, they're attacking Raj's again. They need help chasing them off."
			She tugged a strand of hair. "Is it... is it safe?"
			"Yeah, yeah - absolutely. They're a bunch of cowards - and it's me, Tommy, and Pawel."
			She looked away.
			He sighed. "I'm... I'm really sorry, I don't want to bail on you so suddenly, but... Raj's family live there."
			She hesitated. "Okay, just... please, be careful. If you think it's too dangerous, just get out of there."
			He nodded, and left.

			At Raj's, Patriots had broken through the window, and were destroying the place. Raj and his family cowered in their apartment above, as one Patriot kicked the door while laughing.
			"We're coming in, you fuckin' pakis!" he jeered. Raj clutched his wife and kids, and whispered reassurences while trembling.
			Then, salvation came.
			"OI!" Connor barked. The Patriots turned to face him, and drew their clubs and knives.
			Tommy and Pawel drew their own weapons, but Connor didn't wait - he dashed into the fray, fists raised. He delivered a haymaker to one goon's head, a knee to another's stomach, and then clapped two heads together. He was like an animal in a frenzy - only barely managing to hold back the Rage.
			One thug drew a firearm. Before he could even cock it, Connor pounced, sending him skidding on the ground and taking the gun. He then fired the gun into the pavement, cracking a slab of concrete apart.
			"I missed a fuckin' date night for this shit!" he roared, grabbing one thug and breaking his jaw in a single motion. The man screamed in agony.
			The thugs began to run away.
			"Raj! It's safe, mate - they're going." Tommy called out.
			As he said this, one of them threw a petrol bomb through the window. The cafe erupted in flames, and Raj and his family screamed - trapped behind the fires.
			Connor's eyes flashed red. He looked at the fleeing racists, and prepared to give chase.
			"CONNOR!" Tommy barked.
			Connor turned, and looked at the fire. He turned again, looking at the thugs.
			"HELP US, PLEASE!" Raj screamed in terror, shielding his family.

			Back at Connor's, Chloe phoned Bea.
			"Hey, girl!" Bea answered, happily. "How was your movie night?"
			"Heya..." Chloe sighed. "Yeah, it's fine."
			Bea audibly frowned. "What's wrong?"
			"Nothing, nothing..." Chloe shrugged. "Just... Connor had to rush off."
			"He bailed?"
			"No, not quite. The, um... Those Patriots went after Raj's again." Chloe exlpained.
			"Shit..." Bea gasped.
			"I'm worried about him. He could get hurt, or..."
			Bea sighed. "Or arrested again?"
			"Or killed." Chloe replied, trembling.
			Bea took a moment, finding the words.
			"Chlo..." she began, "I... I know what I said before was just me being a cow, but... well, he *is* part of the Syndicate. This is gonna keep happening."
			Chloe sighed sadly. "I know. But at the same time... I get why he's doing this."
			"Still..." Bea sighed, "That doesn't make it easier for you, does it?"
			"No..." Chloe admitted. "I mean... this is our second real date. He already took off the day after our first to do that thing in Scotland - and... Well, I know it sounds dumb, but I was really looking forward to tonight."
			"It doesn't sound dumb at all." Bea replied. "Like you said, it's your second date. And just because he's doing something good out there, it's still gonna feel like he's bailing on you."
			Chloe paused, deep in thought.
			"Look..." Bea began. "This is a dumb analogy, but imagine you were dating a policeman - well, without the racism. Okay, imagine you were dating a fireman. Now, quit picturing him posing for a calendar."
			Chloe chuckled. "Go on."
			Bea audibly grinned. "Well, he'd be going out every night, still putting himself at risk. Obviously you don't want that. But would you rather no-one was out there fighting fire?"
			Chloe took a deep breath. "I guess not."
			"Exactly. Now, ask yourself... Do you want to be with Connor? And is him doing things like this a deal-breaker?"
			Chloe thought for a moment. "I do wanna be with him. And no, it's not. Sure, it's scary, but... he's a good guy. And I wouldn't want Raj or his family to suffer. We can watch movies whenever - he only gets one chance to help Raj. And it's not like I didn't know he was in the Syndicate until now."
			"But still." Bea added. "You're allowed to have wants and needs. Just... when he gets back, have a good, honest talk with him. Tell him that you're worried, and why you're worried. Explain to him that, while you understand why he rushed out, you still want to be able to spend time with him. And then, see what he says."
			Chloe smiled. "Thanks, Bea. You're the best."
			"No problem, girl." Bea grinned. "You enjoy that fireman boyfriend of yours."

			Back in Raj's, the fire began to swell. Pawel and Tommy had grabbed fire extinguishers from the wall, and did their best to clear a path - but the smoke got too thick, and they had to retreat.
			"PLEASE HELP US! OH, GOD, PLEASE!" Raj screamed, choking back on the smoke.
			Creaking and cracking noises went overhead. A chunk of ceiling fell through. Raj clutched his family tightly, closing his eyes, and then...
			"GO!" Connor roared, holding the ceiling chunk aloft. He pretended to struggle with the weight. The family looked up in shock, before jumping out of the way. Connor grabbed the extinguishers, and cleared out a path for them. He turned, but the family had passed out from smoke inhalation - a non-issue for him. He grabbed them all aloft - Raj, his wife, and their two children as well - and raised them above his shoulder, before sprinting them out.
			He laid them down on the pavement outside. Pawel and Tommy rushed over.
			"Fuck..." Tommy panted. "Are they alright?"
			As he asked this, the family began to regain consciousness. Connor leant back, and stared at the burning building, his eyes wide - as though he saw something else.
			Raj's wife cried into his shoulder, and his kids clutched onto him. Then the air cracked, as a kevlar-clad figure landed down.
			"Connor!" Olivia barked.
			"Oh, hi, random superhero." Connor awkwardly waved. Thankfully, Raj's family hadn't taken notice.
			Olivia grinned, then faced the fire. She closed her eyes, and took a deep breath.
			"Are you doing what I think you're doing?" he asked.
			She focused. Focused her power on the air around her. Maniupualted its motion like a potter with clay.
			A hot breeze flowed over them, as the fires died down. Oxygen flew out as she pushed and pulled at the winds. Embers fluttered through the street, before cooling into ash.
			"It's still burning. But I think I can keep it contained until the firefighters arrive." she grinned giddily.
			"You're... wow." Connor nodded in awe.

			At his house, Chloe sat on the sofa, absentmindedly flickinh through her phone, before Connor came in through the door.
			"H-hey!" she began, sitting up. "Is everything alright?"
			He sighed, and sat down. He smelled strongly of smoke, and small burn marks dotted his arms.
			"Oh my god, was there a fire?!" she asked. "A-are you alright?!"
			"I'm okay..." he began. "The Patriots ran off soon after we showed up, but as a parting gift... they chucked petrol bombs through the window. Whole place went up in flames."
			"Sh-shit!" Chloe stammered. "W-what happened then?"
			"I ran in, and got Raj and his family to safety." he explained. "They were uninjured. Think I got singed a little - but I'm fine. Then some superhero came in and put the fires out."
			"Superhero? You mean the Werewolf?" she gasped.
			"No, a new one." he shrugged.
			Chloe checked his burns. "Yeah, you're okay... still, do you need me to get a first aid kit?"
			"Nah, it's fine. Only little scorches." he smiled slightly. "But it's just... the whole thing... it triggered memories."
			"Memories?"
			"Of Ireland." Connor admitted. "Of home. Bad memories... and that's not even the worst part."
			She tilted her head.
			He took a deep breath. "When they threw those bombs, my first instinct was to chase after them. I didn't even think to try and help Raj and his family until Tommy screamed my name. What kind of man does that make me?"
			Chloe paused, and reached out, holding his hand.
			"It makes you... well, human." she answered. "I mean, tell me - why did you want to chase them?"
			"To stop them from getting away." he replied.
			"And why didn't you want them to get away?" she pressed.
			"Well, because they'd done something horrible."
			"So what, it was just revenge?" she cocked an eyebrow, encouraging him.
			"I... no." he realised. "I didn't want them to get away with it. I wanted to stop them from doing it again."
			She smiled warmly. "Exactly. And that's not a bad instinct to have - it's just, I suppose, not the best one to have in that moment. But you still did the right thing."
			He leant back. "I... I'm sorry I bailed. I really didn't want to."
			"No." she cut in. "Don't apologise. You did what you had to do."
			"Still..." he sighed. "Chloe, I... I want you to be able to make an informed decision about... about us."
			She tilted her head again.
			"The thing is..." he continued, "This is my job. There's gonna be times where I have to cancel last minute, or rush away for who-knows-how-long, to deal with things like this. As long as there are Patriots in the city, that's just the way things are. And I..." his voice cracked. "I don't want to mess you around. So, if you're not cool with--"
			She put her hands in his, and leant her head against him.
			"Connor..." she whispered. "I won't lie, I worry about you. Going out like that... you're lucky you only got a few scorches. But... you do a job that needs doing. And I trust you. So, I'd rather it be you out there than someone I don't trust."
			Connor smiled softly. "Still... I feel awful, rushing off on our second date. I'll make it up to you."
			"You don't have to do that." she smiled back. "Just... how often do you think this will happen? If you had to guess."
			"Rarely." he replied. "Things like tonight - that's really rare. Normally, the worst they'll do is throw a few bricks from a car. There's no point us showing up to respond, since they'll be long gone by the time we get there. Most of what I do is more proactive - investigations, scouting, sabotage, the like."
			That part wasn't a lie - he just left out the "putting a dozen skinheads into comas and murdering Super-Agents" part.
			She smiled. "Alright. As long as we still get to spend time together."
			"So... you're sure you're okay with this?" he asked.
			"I'm sure." she nodded. "But promise me you won't do anything too dangerous."
			"I promise." he swore. "I'll avoid anything that could cause permanent injury."
			Again, not a lie - what injuries were even permanent anymore?
			She smiled, and pulled out the TV remote. She put it on, revealing Red Rebellion was still paused.
			"You left it paused?" he chuckled.
			"Of course! I may talk through films, but I'm not a monster." she grinned.
			The pair got comfy on the sofa, and finished watching the film. They cuddled afterwards, and accidentally fell asleep in each other's arms.

		Connor bails/Raj fire
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The next morning, Mayor Ward entered a briefing room, along with an older man in an executive officer's uniform. Immediately, Naismith, Nina, and 3 other officers all stood and clicked their heels.
			"As you were." Ward said. She approached the projector and began her presentation.
			"Thank you all for attending. As you may know, I am Mayor Helen Ward, and this is Acting Chief Constable Paul Tulloch. This is the first meeting of Tactical Operations team 24, or TO-24. Please introduce yourselves." 
			"DCI Henry Naismith." he said, rising.
			"Police Sergeant Nina Chowdhury." she rose with him.
			"DC Cheryl Moffat." "PC Adrian Lloyd." "FI Lucas Rogerson." the 3 officers stated.
			"Excellent." Tulloch nodded. "TO-24, this is your objective. You are to investigate the string of killings attached to the 'Werewolf' vigilante. You are also to investigate any criminal elements his activities may be targeting. DCI Naismith, if you would." 
			Naismith nodded, addressing the team. "Thank you ma'am. PS Chowdhury and I met with Morland Genetics yesterday to analyse the findings on these 'superhumans.' The results were... Well, it's best if you all take a look." Naismith showed the slide detailing the genetic analysis of the Super-Agents - and of the Werewolf. 
			"Thanks to the work of Miss Derrington over at Morland, we've been able to isolate a few key facts. 1: these Superhumans use some kind of substance called Paradrenaline - overloads of which can cause so-called 'Rages.' We believe one such Rage was responsible for the bloodbath at the Auction House." Naismith shuddered.
			Moffat shook her head. "Rages?" She paused, then cleared her throat. "No offense, sir - but how are we supposed to capture it?"
			Naismith looked at her, smiling softly. "None taken, DC Moffat. I agree, capture is going to be tricky - especially given his resistance to injury."
			"Is it true that he was shot in the face and survived?" Lloyd asked, nervously.
			"Yes, it's true. He was also gassed with Chlorine, survived an explosion, cut off his own hand only to grow a new one, hell, only last night he was impaled... It's not going to be easy fighting him. Thankfully, he's not interested in fighting police, by the seems of it. In all the incidents where we've shown up on time to get to him, he's only caused minor injuries to a few officers. Given what he's capable of, that should help us all sleep at night."
			"Wow..." Lloyd said, shocked. "How do you even begin to make something like that?"
			"Moving on... Within the 61 chromosomes found in the Werewolf's DNA, there are 46 normal human chromosomes. We strongly believe these to be the original chromosomes of... whatever the Werewolf once was. I've asked Morland to isolate them, and provide them to us. From that, we can check them against our own databases, and see if anyone matches."
			Silently, Naismith paused. He didn't *want* to find the Werewolf anymore. They were allies now. But he knew he couldn't ignore this lead. He sighed, the weight of the decision settling in.
			"That's... that must be a joke, right?" Rogerson began. "Sorry, sir. I've worked as a Forensic Investigator for 5 years now, and not once have I seen anything like that."
			"That's what I thought." Naismith nodded. "But no... it's genuine."
			"Right then." Tulloch shuffled. "And as I understand it, you have a CHIS who has been supplying you with intel on the Werewolf's activities?"
			"Yes, sir." Naismith began. "I'm not at liberty to disclose the CHIS's identity, but he's provided me with good information."
			"This isn't just another case. We're dealing with something unprecedented here. Whatever this 'Werewolf' is, he's not just a criminal. He's a symptom of something bigger. And we need to be ready." Ward said, her face grim. "We're not just here to investigate. We're here to put an end to something that could get out of hand very quickly. We're the first line of defence, and we will make sure it stays that way. I didn't take this position to sit behind a desk. I took it to make a difference. Let's do this right. No room for mistakes."
			With that, the officers stood and clicked their heels in respect. "Ma'am!" they all shouted. The officers exchanged a brief glance, their faces hardening. Ward's words hit home.
			"I will be blunt." she continued. "You were all chosen to be assigned to this squad because your records indicate you stood up against institutional malpractice. Dorsey tried to have each of you reassigned, hoping you'd be silenced. Well, I'll take that bastard's words as a ringing endorsement of your integrity. If he didn't trust you, then I damn well do." At those words, the officers smiled proudly.
			"But do not get complacant. This force has been corrupted from within. I will not - *not* - allow that to happen again. The Werewolf is merely one slice of the pie. We need to bring the whole case to the light."
			"Well then!" she finished, smiling. "Let's get to work."
			"Ma'am!" the officers clicked their heels once more. They began to interact as Ward left, talking and getting to know each other.
			"So, as I said, I'm DC Moffat. The blokes in Mispers call me Moffie - don't ask. And don't ever, ever call me that." she smirked.
			"Pleased to meet you properly, Moffie." Naismith grinned. Moffat rolled her eyes and laughed.
			"I'm Adrian-er, PC Adrian Lloyd. Just got transferred here out of Counter Terrorism." Lloyd began.
			"Wow! What was your job there?" Nina asked.
			"Marksman. Yeah, I know I seem bumbling, but... well, look at my stats." he said shyly.
			"If you were a marksman in CT, you must be good." Moffat replied in awe.
			"I'm Chief Constable Tulloch, as you all know. I'll be mainly hands-off on this investigation - needless to say, Chief Constables micromanaging this case isn't a happy memory. If you need anything, reach out to me - but you'll mainly report to Mayor Ward."
			"And I'm Rogerson, Forensic Investigator."
			"You said you'd been an FI for 5 years?" Lloyd asked.
			"That's right - seen some twisted shit. I was the one who did the first review on the Werewolf's hand - though we weren't calling him that back then. I'm not happy we sent it off to Morland, but I'm glad it's getting looked at, at least. Still, those chromosomes... that's weird. I mean, how can you have that many?" he mused.
			"I'm sure we'll find out... whatever he is, we have a mission to complete." Lloyd said nervously.
			With that, the team continued to mingle. Nina went to one side with Naismith.
			"That was a great presentation, sir." she said to him, smiling proudly.
			"Hah, really?" Naismith asked, chuckling. "Never had my own team before. Thanks for the vote of confidence."
			"I've got your back, sir." she nodded.
			Naismith paused. "I thought I'd be glad to bring him in, but now... now it feels more complicated. How do you arrest someone who might be fighting for something good? And if we don't, what does that make us?"
			"To tell you the truth, sir? I don't think Ward wants us to find him - I think our true objective is to crack open the cabal he's after. She doesn't strike me as someone who chases shadows. She wants us to follow the Werewolf, sure - but this conspiracy - they're the real criminals here. No one will cry if we go after them too." Nina replied, whispering. 
			Naismith smiled, invigorated by his comrade's words.

		Naismith meets TO-24
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Chloe finished her classes for the day, and spotted Bea waiting outside her lecture hall. Smiling, she walked over.
			"Hey, girl!" Bea smiled. "How was it?"
			"Ugh." Chloe chuckled. "I mean, I like the Cybernetics module - but I'm definitely more into the genetics, that's for sure."
			Bea laughed. "Tell me about it. This Corporate Law module is killing me."
			The girls smirked, and walked along.
			"So..." Bea began, grinning. "You got any plans to see Connor again?"
			Chloe blushed. "Yeah, actually. He, um... he booked us theatre tickets."
			"Aww, what a gentleman!" Bea beamed.
			"Yeah, he really is." she smiled. "He said he wanted to make up for bailing last night."
			"Bless him." Bea chuckled.
			"Yeah." Chloe smiled softly. "I told him there was no need, but he felt really bad about it. Even though he was only gone for an hour in the end. We still finished the movie."
			"By the way..." Bea began. "How come you weren't walking to school like normal?"
			"Oh, um--I was round Connor's last night. We fell asleep after the movie." she blushed.
			"You were round his all night?" Bea grinned, raising an eyebrow.
			"N-not like that." Chloe stammered. "I-I don't think I'm ready for that yet. And Connor's never pushed for that, either."
			Bea smiled. "That's good. I mean, good that he's not pushed for it."
			Chloe smiled, and looked ahead.
			"Chlo..." Bea asked. "What's on your mind?"
			"Hm?" Chloe tilted her head.
			"I can tell when something's bothering you - what is it?" she pressed.
			Chloe sighed. "I just... when he got back from Raj's, he was really shaken up. He mentioned Ireland - I think it triggered some bad memories. And... I *want* to talk to him about it, to learn more - but I don't wanna open up old wounds for him. Hell, I wouldn't appreciate it if he started badgering me about Francis. But... I wanna be better at supporting him. It's tricky, is all."
			Bea smiled softly. "Why don't we see if there's anything online about it? Maybe you could learn more about what happened through that?"
			"Yeah... yeah, that's a good idea!" Chloe lit up.
			Bea went onto YouTube, and showed the phone.
			"There - first on the search results. 'Bogside - 10 years on' - some Channel One documentary from 2012. Wanna watch it?"
			Chloe nodded, and the girls sat down.
			The documentary opened with a montage of murals in the Bogside - some pro-Republican, others pro-Loyalist.
			"Ten years ago, you could get shot just for flying a flag in the wrong part of town." the narrator began. "Now, a decade later, this part of the city is still littered with bombsites and bad memories. On the tenth anniversary of the Bogside War, we take a look at how it started, how it ended, and how we can stop it from happening again."
			The girls leant in, listening intently. The narrator gave superficial, surface-level descriptions of both sides in the conflict.
			"One one hand, you have the Catholics, who make up the majority of Ireland's population. After the 1985 'Ash Wednesday' Agreement, the Catholic-majority provinces of Connaught, Leinster, and Munster were given limited self-governance, while the Protestand-majority Ulster remained under direct rule from London. Despite the Autonomy, Irish Catholics are still overwhelmingly supportive of an independent Irish state. Meanwhile, Protestants support continued membership in the United Kingdom, citing fears of what a post-independent Irish state might do to them without British protection."
			Bea tilted her head. "That's a little biased. For the Catholics, it implied they should be happy with what they got, while it acts as though the Protestants have legitimate reasons to be afraid."
			Chloe smirked. "You sound just like him, you know."
			"Oh, give over." Bea grinned. "Besides, religion isn't really the main issue, is it?"
			"Yeah, you're right." Chloe nodded. "How did Connor put it? "I don't care if the nation oppressing me believes in Cthulhu, I care that they're oppressing me." I think people say it's about religion so they don't have to think about it any further - it's just crazy people fighting over silly things, rather than a genuine political conflict."
			"Now who sounds like him?" Bea laughed. Chloe smirked.
			The film continued. As you'd expect, it delivered typical "both-sides" depictions of the conflict. And then, the narrator said something big.
			"Peace negotiations came to a screeching halt with the assassination of former CDF leader Eamon Barrett."
			Chloe paused the video, her eyes widening. "Barrett..." she whispered.
			Bea stroked her chin. "I... I mean, it's probably a coincidence, right? I mean, there must be loads of people with that surname out there, surely?"
			"Yeah, m-maybe." Chloe thought deeply. Bea pressed play.
			"To discuss this, I went to HMP Belmarsh, to meet with incarcerated CDF leader Tadhg O'Doyle." the narrator continued.
			"Eamon was a very pious man, a very godly man." Tadhg began. "However, he was undone by his children. His son Vince was a bit of a troublemaker, and he moved to England, which would get you marked as a traitor by many. As for his daughter Laura, she went off to America for a few months, and came back pregnant, before going to England with Vince - again, scandalous in our community. This caused a great deal of disgrace for the Barretts, only exacerbated when the bastard was placed in their care, and grew to be a bit of an oddball - the boy couldn't speak, couldn't look you in the eye, and cringed whenever you touched him. It was such an embarrasment that he wasn't allowed to attend church with them - he became a bit of a mad woman in the attic, you understand? So, it was agreed that Eamon would need to get his house in order, and thus he stepped down from the leadership council."
			Chloe went pale. "It's Connor's grandad."
			"Yeah..." Bea nodded. "I mean, sure, Barrett's a common name, but..."
			"How many would have a son called Vince, and had their autistic grandson move in with them?" Chloe asked rhetorically. "Shit, we... should we be watching this?"
			Tadhg carried on. "After that, he retired, along with his good wife Geraldine - God rest her soul. However, despite Eamon no longer being an active-duty member of our organisation, he was targeted by prod thugs - members of the OVA, our main opposition at the time. His car was blown up with him and Geraldine inside of it. I'm not sure what happened to the wee one after that. With Eamon's death, we understood that this meant none of us were safe, so the negotiations broke down pretty rapidly after that."
			The narrator went on, and Chloe paused the video.
			"We... we shouldn't have watched this." she said finally.
			"Agreed." Bea nodded. "Jesus, I knew things were bad out there, but..."
			"No wonder he doesn't talk about it..." Chloe realised. "Oh god..."
			Bea hugged her. "Look, you're seeing him tonight, yeah? Maybe just--"
			"No way." Chloe shook her head. "I can't just bring this up like that."
			Bea sighed, and hugged her again.

		Bogside war documentary
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Alright, how's this?" Connor asked, showing his morphed clothes off.
			"Hmm..." Trey stroked his chin. "It's a bit meh."
			"Well, what are people supposed to wear to theatres?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Dunno, never been." Trey shrugged. "Try something smart."
			Connor morphed the first thing that came to mind - a tuxedo.
			"I was thinking more 'handsome suitor...' less 'James Bond.'" Trey grinned.
			Connor closed his eyes, and morphed something more casual - jeans, a white tee, and a flannel shirt that he left unbuttoned like a jacket. He rolled the sleeves up, and gave a spin.
			"Perfect." Trey smiled. "Oh, and thanks for warning me that Sparky could, like *actually* talk, by the way!"
			"I already told you he could talk." Connor grinned.
			"Not to *me!*"
			Connor chuckled. "I leave the city for five minutes, and there's a psychic explosion. Typical."
			Trey laughed. "I should've seen the signs earlier."
			"Hm?"
			"Oh, I didn't tell you?" he tilted his head. "On my birthday, when we were all stoned. I heard him ask me a question. I *assumed* it was just the weed, but now..."
			Connor pulled his head back in shock. "You... you got so stoned, you momentarily became an Esper?"
			"Never doubt my capabilities again, Vanguard." he snarked.

			That evening, Connor pulled up outside Chloe's flat. He texted her, and in short order, she came walking out.
			He spotted her on the steps of her apartment block, and his twin hearts skipped their beats. She didn't look that different to ususal - she'd tied her hair into a braid, but aside from that, she was the same old Chloe. But something about her made him blush.
			He hurriedly buttoned up his flannel shirt, hoping to look a little more sophisticated, somehow.
			"Hey!" she beamed, entering the car and kissing his cheek.
			"Hey there yourself!" he replied, smiling warmly. "So, you excited?"
			"Hell yeah!" she grinned. "I haven't been to see a live play in ages."
			"I didn't even know we had a theatre in Drackhill." quipped Connor. "Of course, it's in Caldermouth."
			She chuckled. "Well, I'm excited. Have you seen many live plays?"
			Connor smirked. "There's always a first time for everything."
			"By the way..." she grinned. "Interesting style you've got there."
			She pointed at his shirt which, in his hurry, had been buttoned in completely the wrong order.
			He facepalmed as she laughed, before unbuttoning it, and they drove off.

			They arrived at the theatre, and approached the reception. Connor got the ticket information up on his phone, and showed it to the host.
			"Oh--I'm very sorry, sir and madam." the host began. "I'm afraid tonights production of Phantom of the Opera has been cancelled."
			"What? Why?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Um... It would seem Carlotta's actress took 'method acting' a little too far. There was an altercation between her and the costume director. I hear it turned... physical."
			Connor rubbed his temples. "Right, well... I've already paid for the tickets."
			"Your tickets are valid for any other performance tonight." the host said hurriedly.
			Chloe looked at the screen, and pointed at Macbeth. "They're performing the Scottish play in half an hour - we could see that?" she suggested.
			"Scottish play? You mean Macbeth?" Connor tilted his head. The host cringed.
			Chloe chuckled. "Yeah, that one."
			"What's it about?"
			"A king goes mad and murders practically everyone in Scotland." Chloe smirked.
			"You had me at 'murder.'" Connor chuckled.
			"Excellent. I'll book you both in for the Scottish play." the host smiled. The pair sat down in the cafe.
			"By the way..." Connor began. "My phone's on silent, and I will not be called away."
			Chloe smiled. "Is that okay with your boss?"
			"Don't worry." he grinned. "I've got someone to cover for me."

			At the same moment, a terrified Tommy hid behind a crate, as bestial roars tore through the warehouse air.
			"COME ON! NONE OF YOU CAN STOP ME!" Sparky howled, eyes red. Patriot thugs sprinted away, pale. One had clear urine stains on his trousers.
			"G--Good doggie..." Tommy stammered.
			"Thanks! I think that's the last of them." Sparky smiled happily, tail wagging.

			"That's good." Chloe nodded, sipping her coffee.
			"Yeah." Connor smiled. "So... I may be absolutely blind to subtext, but even I saw that guy cringe when I said Macbeth. What was that about?"
			Chloe chuckled. "It's seen as bad luck to say Macbeth when you're in a theatre. Supposedly it guarantees something will go wrong. You're supposed to say 'The Scottish Play' instead."
			Connor grinned. "We had the same thing in the repair shop. Our one rule was to never, ever say the Q word, unless you wanted a thousand customers to pour in through the door."
			She laughed. "Do you still work there at all?"
			"I did the odd shift here and there, before the crackdown." Connor shrugged. "Currently, it's closed for repairs. However, what with these new investors, we should hopefully be able to reopen the place soon."
			"That'll be good." she nodded. "Will you take some shifts there again?"
			"Most likely. Not even for the money - it's just good craic working with Trey."
			"Good... crack?" she tilted her head.
			Connor laughed. "Craic. It means 'fun' in Ireland."
			She chuckled, and then remembered the documentary.
			She debated in her head.
			"Do I tell him what I saw? Won't that just open up old wounds?"
			Her thoughts were interrupted by his voice.
			"Hey, you okay?" he asked. "You spaced out for a moment."
			"Hm? Y-yeah, I'm fine..." she said absently.
			She took a deep breath. "Look, I... If I'm being a nosy cow, just tell me, okay?"
			"Right, because that's a reassuring way to start a conversation." Connor quipped, smirking. "What's up?"
			She chuckled, then continued. "I, um... Bea and I saw this documentary earlier. I--After you came back last night, you mentioned what happened in Derry - so I wanted to learn more about it, so I could... I don't know, be more supportive?"
			Connor smiled softly. "Bless you..." he said, reaching out for her hands. She smiled warmly.
			"What was the documentary?" he asked.
			"Oh, it was called 'Bogside - 10 years on', by Channel One."
			"Ahh - I saw that one. Well, the first 5 minutes." he chuckled. "You could tell right away it wasn't written by someone who was actually there."
			She grinned. "Yeah, I get that. It seemed to put the focus on religion, rather than the political reasons for the conflict."
			"That, and the way it tried to act like both sides were just as bad as each other." Connor shrugged. "It was all, 'There were atrocities on both sides. Republican forces detonated a bomb in the office of an occupying foreign power, injuring 2, and loyalists set fire to a preschool.'" he muttered disdainfully, doing an impression of the narrator's voice.
			She smirked, then frowned. "Yeah... I, um... I'm guessing you didn't see the part where they spoke about the CDF?"
			Connor's face cringed slightly. "Ah, no I didn't. Bet they had a field day talking about those bastards."
			"Oh?" Chloe raised an eyebrow.
			"Yeah, I won't lie. Just because the CDF supported an independent Ireland doesn't mean they weren't absolute bastards. They were the only ones you could say 'Both sides were bad' about. They treated the prods--sorry, the Loyalist community--the way the OVA treated us. Which is to say, horrifically. Catholic Tans, that's all they were."
			She smiled softly, and stroked his hands. "The thing is... they mentioned one of the leaders of the CDF."
			Connor tilted his head, before realising. "Right..." he said. "They mentioned my surname, did they?"
			"Y--yeah..." she admitted.
			Connor sighed. "My grandfather, Eamon - he was the founder of the CDF. He used to be an IRA commander, but split with them because he thought they were too 'soft.' He was a bastard through and through - used to beat me for not being able to say the Lord's prayer at age 4. My grandmother, Geraldine - she was the opposite."
			He closed his eyes for a second, and allowed the memories to wash over him.
			"I wasn't allowed to go to mass with them - Eamon thought I'd embarrass them. So my granny, bless her - she would write down the verses used in the sermon, and when she got home, she'd read them to me, so I didn't feel left out. She's the one that taught me sign language - to help me communicate when I was wee."
			Chloe smiled sadly. "That's really sweet... Well, not sweet, given the circumstances, but... Oh god, I'm sorry, I'm putting my foot in it..." she trailed off.
			Connor squeezed her hands, and smiled at her. "You're not. I know what you mean."
			She smiled again. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to... to pick at old wounds."
			"It's okay." he said, taking a deep breath. "I've had a long time to process it. Please, ask away - I want to be open with you."
			He really did. Keeping the Werewolf from her was eating him from the inside. Being honest with her - showing his soul at all - was what he needed.
			"So, um..." she began, "The documentary said they were killed in a car bomb?"
			"Yeah." he nodded. "I watched it happen from the doorway."
			"Oh my god..." she gasped. "That must have been horrible."
			Connor shrugged. "It was. I remember crawling over - granny had tried to get out the car, so her body was..." he grimaced, before continuing. "It was slumped out. I dragged her to the ground, and tried to put the fire out. Burned my hands up pretty badly."
			Chloe looked at him, her face pale. She couldn't think of the words to say.
			"I got the fire out, but she was long dead. After that, I refused to let anyone take me away from her body. Police came, and tried to drag me away - I was 6 years old, and I physically threw one officer to the ground."
			"How?" Chloe asked, surprised.
			"I have no idea. Adrenaline, I guess." he shrugged. "Anyway, Vince was living in Derry at the time - he moved there specifically to be able to keep an eye on me - and he was able to talk me into leaving her."
			"Oh my god..." she said again. "And... what happened after that?"
			"Well, I stayed with him for a bit. After Eamon's death, the fighting got worse again. The CDF felt that, if they would go after Eamon, then they would go after anyone, even after a ceasefire. On the Loyalist side, you had these thugs called the OVA - Orange Volunteer Army. They started getting a lot more rowdy in the aftermath - in particular, they made a point of targeting Catholic churches, which had previously been off-limits. So, the CDF responded in kind. Social services eventually took me away - moved me back to England again. I started off in a boy's home in Liverpool, before I was moved to Ashcliffe Children's Home. That's where I met Amy, and... well, you know the rest. And when Vince managed to get guardianship of me, she begged to come too. It took a lot of hassle, but we managed to get her to come with. And the rest, as they say, is history."
			She squeezed his hands, and smiled sadly.
			"Thank you for telling me all this..." she whispered. "I know it can't have been easy."
			"It couldn't have been easier." he replied. "You... It doesn't hurt so much when I'm talking with you."
			She smiled, warmer this time - and kissed his cheek. The two embraced.
			"Macbeth will be starting soon." she said.
			"You mean the Scottish play?" he grinned.
			"Yeah, that." she laughed.
			The pair headed to their seats.

		Theatre
		______________________________
		SCENE
			A few hours later, the two walked out into the night, holding hands.
			"Wow... I'm glad you convinced me. That was awesome!" Connor said, smiling.
			"Hah, I knew you'd like it. What was your favourite part?" Chloe asked.
			"The witches." he replied. "Also, I genuinely think I'd be a much better king than him. Because if I was told by some witches that 'You will be king, but your best friend's sons will be kings', I'd take that to mean I'll have a daughter who will marry Banquo's son." he grinned.
			Chloe laughed. "Yeah. Or 'no man of woman born' could just mean 'a woman.'"
			"Honestly, Macbeth is lucky it took so long for those prophecies to get him." Connor giggled. "Never saw myself as a Shakespeare fan, but that was really good."
			Chloe kissed his cheek, and they both smiled - still blushing, but less than usual.
			They hopped into Connor's car, and drove back to her block of flats.
			"So... this is me." Chloe said, smiling shyly. The two got out and embraced.
			"Thank you for tonight. I really enjoyed it." Connor smiled.
			With that, the two kissed. They held the kiss as long as they could, allowing themselves to be lost in the moment. Finally, they broke apart, and embraced again.
			"Connor..." she began, timidly. "Are you my... boyfriend?"
			"If you're okay with that." he smiled warmly.
			She smiled back, and kissed him again. They both melted into it.
			"You can take that as a yes." she grinned. He chuckled.
			"Goodnight, Connor." she said, blushing.
			"Goodnight, Chloe." he replied, beaming. He returned to his car, and drove home. 

			When he arrived, his senses perked up - there was someone inside. They smelled familiar.
			He headed in. There, he saw Yaz and Jack, sitting on his sofa with Sparky. He sighed.
			"Yaz..." he said, shocked. "What... How did you get in?"
			"Connor..." Yaz replied, both happy and sad to see him. "I, uh... Your dog, he let us in. I-I know it sounds weird, but..."
			Connor looked over at Sparky.
			"It was raining, and I didn't want the puppy to get cold." he said, motioning at Jack. He was careful to make sure he only spoke to Connor, who nodded and smiled.
			"Right... So, what can I do for yous both?"
			"Oh, well, I... we've moved out of Elliot's. He, uh... he hit Jack. I... I don't mind him hitting me, but..." she replied, tearing up.
			"Buh-buh, dada!" Jack said, clearly glad to be free of his dad. He was only 1, but even he knew, deep down, how sick Elliot was.
			"I see... And what about your sister?"
			"She, uh... she's working tonight. She was going to rush out, but I told her not to worry, since you'd texted me. I... I'm sorry for barging in on you like this." Yaz explained.
			"It's fine. Like you said, I texted you." Connor replied, folding his arms. He walked to the kitchen.
			"Drink?" he asked coldly.
			"Oh, I... No thank you. Um... do you mind if I heat up Jack's milk?"
			"Go for it. Microwave's in here."
			Yaz walked over to the kitchen. In the more well-lit area, the black eye on her face was visible.
			"He did that?" he asked, pointing.
			"Y-yeah." she replied, wincing slightly.
			"Need me to fuck him up for you?" he growled.
			"Not yet, at least." she said, half-chuckling. Connor allowed himself a smirk.
			"Here." he said, fetching her some butter and a warm, wet dishcloth. "Rub the butter on your cheekbone, and press the cloth over it. That'll help with the swelling."
			"Thank you..." she smiled, taking the items.
			Connor stood uncomfortably.
			"You, uh... You've done well for yourself. Um... How's Vince? And Amy?" she asked, unsure.
			"Vince is in jail. Amy's good. She's working in an animal sanctuary now." Connor replied bluntly.
			"Oh... I'm sorry to hear that. But, well, that's good with Amy." Yaz said, trying to make small talk.
			"Yep." Connor nodded.
			Yaz coughed slightly. "Listen, Connor... I... I know things didn't end well between us."
			"Didn't end well? Is that how you want to phrase it?" Connor shot back, his voice trembling with pain.
			"I... I'm sorry. I am so sorry for how things ended. I..." she whispered, choking back tears. "I knew this wasn't fair to you, but... when Jack cried after Elliot hit him, I realised I couldn't stay. I didn't know where else to go."
			"Well, I'm shocked to hear Elliot Whittaker is a scumbag." Connor retorted, crossing his arms.
			A silence filled the room. Connor took a deep breath.
			"I... I'm sorry. That was uncalled for. You... I'm not mad you came. I just... it's a lot."
			He went into living room while Yaz stood there, thinking. He sat on the sofa. Jack had started cuddling Sparky, who had wrapped his tail around him.
			"Big doggie! Big doggie!" Jack cheered excitedly.
			"Haha, yeah... big doggie." Connor nodded sadly.
			Sparky looked over at Connor. "Why are you so sad?" he asked.
			Connor sighed, and leant in so that Yaz wouldn't hear him. "That's Yaz... my ex. She... she cheated on me a while back. It's... it's not easy seeing her again."
			Sparky frowned. "I get it. Is the puppy yours?" he asked.
			"Hah, no... his father is the man who she... he's someone else." Connor explained. He looked down at Jack, seeing the red mark where Elliot must have hit him.
			"Dada gone!" Jack said. "Got big doggie now!"
			Connor smiled softly. "Yeah. Big doggie now."
			He turned to Sparky.
			"How was your night with Chloe?" he asked.
			"Good." Connor smiled warmly. "How about you and Tommy's outing?"
			"I think he might have made toilet while I was fighting." Sparky shrugged.
			Connor chuckled. He stood, and headed outside for a smoke. While smoking, he picked out his phone. He saw a text from Chloe.
			"Heya, thanks again for tonight. I really enjoyed spending time with you. See you soon xxx" she'd sent.
			Connor smiled. He called her.
			"Hey... I need to tell you something." he began.

		Yaz arrives

	Fire and Pain
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Across town, Chloe and Amy were hanging out at the Laughing Fox, sipping their drinks.
			"Sooo..." Amy began.
			Chloe blushed. "It was great. We had a really good time."
			"Christ, I don't know how you managed to get him into Shakespeare." Amy grinned. "You'll be having him proper civilised soon enough."
			Chloe chuckled. "We had a big chat beforehand as well... Bea and I watched a documentary on the Bogside War earlier, and it mentioned Connor's grandad by name."
			"Oh." Amy rubbed her chin. "And you guys spoke about it?"
			"Yeah... I felt bad, bringing it up - but at the same time, it felt wrong for me to know about it, without telling him - if that makes sense?"
			"'Course it does." Amy nodded. "Besides, if Connor and Vince are any indication, Irish people love talking about their history. They never shut up."
			Chloe laughed. "It, um... It's not weird for you at all, is it? Me dating your brother, I mean."
			"Why would it be weird?" Amy tilted her head.
			"Well, you know... Some people get funny about their siblings and friends dating."
			"Well, not me." Amy chuckled. "I'm just glad you two finally stopped farting about and actually got together."
			Chloe grinned. "We, um... I asked him if he was my boyfriend earlier, and he said yes. So, I guess we really are together, eh?"
			"Chloe, you guys have basically been dating for months now, you were just both too shy to admit it." Amy laughed.
			Chloe giggled. Then, her phone rang.

			"Oh, it's him!" she said, excited.
			"Answer it! Answer it!" Amy chanted encouragingly.
			"Okay!" Chloe grinned, answering. "Hey, Connor! Thanks again for tonight."
			"Hey... I need to tell you something." he began.
			"Oh... Is everything okay?" Chloe asked, looking scared.
			"Yeah, everything's fine... Just... I wanted to tell you this before you found out from somewhere else."
			The colour drained from Amy's face. "Don't do it," she thought. "Don't tell her who you really are. Not yet..."
			"Okay, yeah no worries." Chloe said, nervous. "What's up?"
			"Um... my ex, Yaz. She's just turned up at my place. Her boyfriend was beating her, so she came here." Connor answered, a lump in his throat.
			"Oh..." Chloe nodded. "I see... Um... Is everything okay? Do you need anything?"
			"Yeah, it's fine, but... She needs somewhere to stay tonight, and her sister will pick her up tomorrow morning, first thing."
			"And you threw her ass to the curb, yes?" Amy growled.
			"Amy?" Connor said, surprised. "Oh, sorry - I didn't realise you were there..."
			"Connor." Amy said, firmly. "Tell me you turned her away. That bitch deserves nothing from you."
			Chloe looked at Amy, taken aback slightly.
			"I... Amy, her kid was with her. I can't have a kid out in the cold like that." he answered
			Amy hesitated. "I... No, you're right. I'm sorry."
			"Anyway... I thought I should tell you. And, I swear, I'm only doing this because her kid needs somewhere safe. And if you're not comfortable with her being her, I can--"
			Chloe took a deep breath. "Connor... Thank you for telling me. I... I need you to know, I trust you. Like I told you before, never choose to not do the right thing because of me. Whatever happened between the two of you, like you said - you can't leave a kid out in the cold like that."
			Connor breathed out. "Thank you. I just... I didn't want you to--to think I was hiding anything from you."
			He sighed in guilt, praying for the day where he could tell her who he was.
			Chloe smiled. "Hey, um... Say no, if you want to."
			"Hm?"
			"Well, I... I know you, Connor. And I know that, just because I've told you I trust you, you'll still worry that I'm worrying. Like, I know that nothing will happen between you. But, if you like - I can come round? Not because I don't trust you, because I do. And if you need space here, that's totally fine. But I just... If I'm there, then you'll know that I know. You know?" she said, catching her breath - she forgot to breathe throughout that.
			"I... Yeah, that would be really, really good, if you wouldn't mind. I... It would be great to have you here." he replied. Chloe breathed out in relief, and put her jacket on.
			Amy paused, and looked at her. "Hey... It's okay to be a little jealous. Just... Don't worry about Connor. I swear on everything I hold dear, my brother would never do anything to--"
			Chloe smiled, and cut her off. "I know. I... I mean, I'm supposed to feel jealous, right? My new boyfriend's ex turns up at his house... But... I don't feel jealous. It's the opposite - seeing him care for pepole who need it, even when it hurts him... It's one of the things I lo--like about him."
			Amy smiled, and grabbed her motorbike keys. "You good to go?" she asked. Chloe hesitated.
			"Hah, I've never actually ridden a motorbike before." she said nervously.
			"Don't worry - I won't do any wheelies." Amy smirked. The two headed over to Connor's.

			Back at Connor's, he re-entered the house, and sat with Yaz, Jack, and Sparky.
			"So, I just called my girlfriend. Amy will be dropping her off in a bit." he said.
			"Oh, okay. You, uh... You have a new girlfriend?" Yaz asked, intrigued.
			"Oh yeah, she's great." Connor replied. "She hasn't even slept with one man behind my back!"
			Yaz looked down, ashamed. "I..."
			Connor chuckled. "Relax. That was uncalled for. I'm sorry."
			Yaz smiled softly. "No, it was fair."
			An awkward silence filled the air. Finally, Yaz spoke up.
			"So, your girlfriend... how long have you guys been together?"
			Connor paused. "We just had our third date. But we've known each other since October."
			"Heh... I'm guessing there was a long will-they-won't-they, eh?"
			"You could say that."
			"I... I hope me being here isn't... complicating things." Yaz said shyly.
			"It's not." Connor replied bluntly, as if to say "It can't, because I don't care about you anymore."
			Yaz looked down. With that, Chloe and Amy arrived.
			Sparky ran up and greeted them both. "Hello! Hi Chloe! Hi Amy! We've made some new friends! This is Jack, he's a human puppy. And this is Yaz." he barked happily.
			"Haha, hello Sparky. How are you, boy?" Chloe asked, enjoying his barks. The two girls entered.
			"Hiya, you alright?" she smiled. Connor stood up and hugged her.
			Amy looked over at Yaz and folded her arms. "Yaz." she said, her voice cold as ice.
			"Hi, Amy... Long time, no see, eh?"
			"Yep. Wonder why."
			An awkward silence again filled the room. Amy's eyes turned to Jack, and her scowl faltered. The kid needed this. That was all that mattered.
			"Phone me if you need me. I mean it, okay? You're not dealing with this alone." she said, her eyes betraying concern.
			"I will. Thanks, sis." Connor nodded, hugging her. She left, and Chloe sat down.

			"So, um... I'm Chloe, lovely to meet you." she said, shaking Yaz's hand.
			"Hi, Chloe. I'm Yaz. Lovely to meet you too..." she replied.
			"And who's this?" Chloe asked, smiling at Jack.
			"I Jack!" Jack shouted happily.
			"Haha, hi Jack!" Chloe replied.
			"So... it's getting late. You should probably get the wee one to bed." Connor said, his voice unsure.
			"Yeah, good... good idea. I've brought a foldable cot for him - where should I put it?"
			"You can both take the bedroom - we'll sleep out here." Chloe cut in, smiling. Connor looked back at her, and smiled too.
			"Oh - are you sure?" Yaz asked, surprised.
			"Yeah, absolutely - the kid needs his space." Connor replied.
			With that, Yaz took Jack and put him to bed. Chloe leant into Connor's chest.
			"I'm sorry about this..." he began.
			"Don't be. Hey, if we're in the mood to judge people's exes..." Chloe replied, reflexively touching her scar.
			Connor sighed and hugged her. She returned the embrace. Sparky curled up at their feet.
			"Hey..." she began. "Are you free on Wednesday?"
			Connor's mind flashed back to Ivan. "Sorry, I've gotta drive up to York." he lied. "But I'll be back early hours on Thursday morning."
			Chloe smiled softly. "That's okay. How about Friday? I've got uni, but maybe you could get the others together, and Bea and I can show you around?"
			"That would be amazing." Connor smiled warmly. Chloe smiled, and kissed him. He returned it.
			"I'm gonna let Sparky out toilet - wanna come?" he asked.
			"Hah, sure - could use the fresh air." she replied.

			The three headed outside. Sparky did his business, and Connor and Chloe leant against the wall.
			Connor pulled out his cigarette packet. Chloe looked over, uncomfortable.
			"You know..." he began. "In a situation like this, normally I'd be huffing like a train. But..."
			"It's different?"
			"Yeah. I... I was planning on quitting after I finish this pack. But you know what?"
			"What?" Chloe asked.
			Connor responded by tossing the pack in the bin. "No time like the present." he smirked.
			Chloe smiled, and hugged him. "Well done. I'm really proud of you."
			"Hah, thanks." he smiled back.
			"I, um... You don't have to answer, but what got you into smoking in the first place?"
			He paused. "When Vince was arrested, I... I ended up in a really dark place. I'd smoked spliffs before, so it wasn't like I didn't already have *some* nicotine exposure. And... I made it my ritual that I'd have a fag at the end of each night."
			"Why's that?"
			"Well... It meant that I had to stick around until the end of the night, at least. It meant that no matter how bad things got, I had to hold on so I could have that fag." he answered.
			Chloe embraced him again. "I'm so sorry..." she whispered.
			"It's okay." he smiled, returning the embrace. "I'm past it now."
			Sparky trotted over, and joined the cuddle.
			"Hah, hey buddy!" Chloe giggled.
			"Hi Chloe!" Sparky yapped back.
			The trio went back into the living room.
			
			Eventually, Yaz came out of the bedroom. "He's out like a light. Thank you... Thank you again." she said.
			"It's fine, Yaz." Connor replied, not looking at her. She sat down with them.
			"So..." Yaz began. "How long have you two known each other?"
			"Since October." Chloe replied, still smiling politely. "I came down here for university - I study biotechnology. We met in the university library - Connor was reading about biology, and we studied together."
			"Wow... I didn't know you were in uni, Connor." Yaz asked, surprised.
			"I'm not... I had a bit of an autism moment and wanted to figure out how superpowers worked." he admitted, chuckling.
			"Well, you were going the right way - given the whole Werewolf story going about." Yaz nodded.
			"Yeah... I suppose." Connor replied evasively.
			The room turned quiet once more.
			"So..." Chloe began. "How about you guys? How did you meet?"
			"In school." Yaz answered. "Well, kinda."
			"We met at a support group." Connor added. "For kids of the Outbreak."
			Yaz nodded grimly. "I was one of the last babies to be born before the Outbreak. My mum got pregnant again shortly after I was born, and..."
			"I'm sorry." Chloe said sympathetically. "So, did you meet Trey too?"
			"Yeah." Yaz smiled fondly. "I didn't have to go through the same testing that they all did, but I think I was something of an honorary Drackhill baby, you know?"
			Connor nodded. "Speaking of, there weren't any... 'difficulties,' with Jack, were there?"
			"No, nothing." Yaz shook her head. "Whatever it was that killed our mums, it wasn't passed down to me."
			Connor stroked his chin. Chloe placed her hand on his knee, and he smiled.
			Another, uncomfortable silence filled the room. No one wanted to break it.
			Then, the coughing cries of a toddler emanated from Connor's room. Yaz rose, and went to attend to him.

			"You okay?" Chloe asked.
			"Yeah. Thanks again... You being here made this a lot easier."
			"It's okay." she smiled warmly, before hesitating. "...I'm sorry if I've been opening old wounds today. First Ireland, and then your mum, I..."
			"Don't worry." Connor smiled back. "Let's be real, as far as 'reopening old wounds' goes, that's been the least of my worries today."
			She chuckled, relieved. Jack's cries continued to increase in volume.
			"Ugh..." Connor groaned, rubbing his temples. "No offence to the kid, but that goes right through the eardrums."
			Chloe smirked, pointing to her hearing aids. "Being partially deaf has its bonuses, eh?"
			Connor laughed. "Mind if we swap?"
			With that, Yaz came down the stairs, carrying him. "Sorry, sorry..." she said frantically. "Think he needs feeding..."
			"The bottle trick?" Connor asked.
			"Oh, here's hoping..." she chuckled, taking him to the kitchen.
			"Bottle trick?" Chloe tilted her head.
			"I, uh - I ran into them before Christmas. He was doing the same cry then, so I gave her my water bottle. Shut him right up." he explained.
			She smiled. "Where'd you learn that?"
			Connor frowned slightly. "When I was little, back in Derry - my grandad would kick off if I was crying. So whenever I cried, I'd force myself to be quiet, and then I'd calm myself down by drinking from a cup."
			Chloe looked at him sadly. "I'm so sorry, I--I keep dredging things up today..."
			"No, you're not." he cut her off. "*I'm* thinking about the past a lot. It's not a problem." he smiled reassuringly.
			Yaz re-entered the living room, with a still-crying Jack. "Sorry about this." she said, trying to rock him gently while humming.
			"Hey, it's okay! Calm down!" Sparky said, chatting like a Husky. Jack's crying seemed to lessen at that.
			"Hey, that works." Connor tilted his head. "Sparky, keep talking to him."
			"Oh, okay. Um, I don't know what to say, but, uh... Hello? I'm Sparky? I already told you that, I guess. Um... I'm a superhero? Whatever that means."
			Jack was still sobbing, but it was calmer now - less ear-piercing.
			Yaz gently placed Jack down with Sparky, who curled around him, wrapping him up in his tail, and started licking him gently.
			"This is what my mum did when I was a pup!" Sparky explained to Connor. Connor smiled warmly, and shuffled over, stroking Sparky's head.
			Yaz knelt down, wiping Jack's eyes. The tears were still rolling down, but he was quietly gurgling and sniffling instead.
			"I think he misses his dad..." she sighed.
			At the word 'dad,' Jack started crying louder again.
			Connor paused, then began to hum lowly.

			"In a neat little town they call Belfast,
			Apprentice to a trade I was bound,
			And many's an hour's sweet happiness,
			Have I spent in this neat little town.

			A sad misfortune came over me,
			Which caused me to stray from the land,
			Far away from my friends and relations,
			Betrayed by the black velvet band.

			Her eyes they shone like diamonds,
			I thought her the queen of the land,
			And her hair hung over her shoulders,
			Tied up with a black velvet band."

			Once he finished, Jack had fallen asleep, nuzzling into Sparky's fur. Sparky, too, had fallen asleep from the singing. Chloe looked on, her eyes glistening happily.
			Connor returned to sit next to her, and put his arm around her.
			"My granny used to sing that to me, when I was wee. Helped me sleep." he explained. He sighed happily - at least one memory today was good.
			Finally, Yaz spoke. "Connor, I... I want you to know, I am so, so sorry for how I hurt you."
			Connor nodded, his voice hoarse. "I know you are. And..." he looked over at Chloe, who smiled ecouragingly. "I don't hate you, Yaz. If... If you didn't do what you did, then we'd still be together, in a relationship we both knew, deep down, wasn't working. I'm not going to lie and say I was the perfect boyfriend. We just... we were two different people. We liked each other, sure, loved each other... but we wanted different things. And... it's thanks to what you did that I met Chloe."
			Chloe looked at him, and blushed with happiness.
			Connor smiled, and turned back to face Yaz. "I spent years hating you, Yaz. But... I think I'm done with that now. Nothing can change what you did, but... I forgive you."
			Yaz smiled sadly. "You... You're right. And... I can't bring myself to regret what I did, only how it hurt you. If I didn't, I wouldn't have Jack. And he's my world. That little boy..." she said, tearing up.
			"You'd do anything for your son, wouldn't you?" Chloe asked, her eyes full of empathy.
			"Yes. In a heartbeat." Yaz replied.
			Connor sighed, but of relief. Catharsis.
			"Connor, I have to ask... why did you agree to help me?"
			He thought for a moment. Finally, he spoke.
			"I... I want to say it's because of the kid. That I'm only doing this because I don't want to see a kid on the streets tonight. But... that would be a lie."
			Connor took a deep breath, and Chloe put a reassuring hand on his shoulder. He smiled, and rubbed her hand.
			"I'm helping you... because you're in trouble and you asked. And sometimes, on a good day... That's all that matters. My uncle always said... 'Always try to be nice, but never, ever fail to be kind'. And I... I'm doing this because it's right. Because... Because it's kind."
			The words hung in the air. Yaz didn't respond immediately, and for a moment, the only sound was Jack's soft breathing from the bedroom.
			Then she smiled, her eyes slightly teary. "You're... You're a good man, Connor. I know it's too late for us... But I wish you all the best."
			"You too, Yaz." Connor replied, smiling sadly. "I... I'm here if you need anything."
			Yaz nodded, and picked up Jack, who nuzzled into her. They headed upstairs to bed. Connor turned to Chloe.
			"That was... That was beautifully said, Connor." she said, smiling proudly.
			"Hah... you think so?" he asked.
			"Absolutely." she replied. They smiled, and she leant in, giving Connor a kiss on his forehead, before they laid down together.
			Connor leant back, exhaling slowly. He hadn't expected closure to feel so... quiet. It wasn't the dramatic moment he'd imagined, but... maybe that was the point.

		Yaz is saved
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That Wednesday, Connor and Sparky sat patiently on a plane. Ivan had a whiteboard with several notes on it. He stood and adressed the pair.
			"Another briefing?" Connor snarked.
			"Blah blah, Chechnya, blah blah, Russians, blah blah." Ivan jested back. "To summarise, Chechnya was conquered by the Timurids - a Turco-Mongol state in Iran - before Ivan the Terrible--"
			"You're not that bad!" Sparky barked, confused.
			"Thanks, tovarishch." Ivan grinned. "Anyway, the region wasn't fully annexed by the Russians until the rule of Peter the Great - that's when we expanded into the Caucasus. Typical colonial practices ensued - most notably, a mass deportation of over 80% of the Chechen and Ingush population during the 1860s and 70s. Anyway, skipping ahead a bit, following the October Revolution, Chechnya along with the rest of the Caucasus was re-integrated as part of the Greater Caucasian SFSR, which included Transcaucasia - places like Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan - and Ciscaucasia, where you'll find Ossetia, Dagestan, and relevant for us - Chechnya. And its current de-facto leader - Vadim Zamaldayev."
			He pointed to a photograph.
			"Zamaldayev was an influential general in the Ciscaucasian branch of the Red Army, having carved out his own petty fiefdom under Kruglov's idiocy. When things started getting unstable, he threw his lot in with the rebels, presenting himself as an Islamist militant in opposition to Soviet imperialism."
			"Imperialism? Any truth to the matter?" Connor cocked an eyebrow.
			"Before Kruglov? Not even an iota. After?" Ivan sighed heavily. "It hurts to say it, but we were acting like Capitalists under him. Not that Zamaldayev was a better man, but... that's not good enough."
			Connor smiled softly. Ivan took a deep breath, and continued.
			"I've told you a little about my run-in with him."
			"The battle of Grozny?" Connor tilted head.
			"That's the one. We managed to evacuate most Soviet Loyalists that day, but we lost the SFSR. We had to retreat to the Georgian SSR, and regroup. That's when I joined the KGB."
			"How have things been in Chechnya since then?"
			"There's a Turkic group called the Kumyks who live here - they and ethnic Russians make up the vast majority of non-Chechens here. Zamaldayev has taken to ethnically cleansing them. Currently, he's personally overseeing massacres."
			"Silver lining - he's exposed." Connor growled excitedly.
			"Damn right. Okay, so - this is the plan. Anti-Zamaldayev forces have already started their attack on his position, but he's deployed Super-Agents. We go in, grab Zamaldayev. You kill his guards while I take him away. Sound good?"
			"Sounds good." Connor nodded. "Let's put this monster down."
			Sparky sat up. "I'm ready." he barked.
			"Okay... see you both on the ground!" Ivan shouted, running out the door. Connor and Sparky followed.
			As they fell, Connor took a moment to take in his surroundings. He could see almost the entire Caucasus from there.
			"This is crazy!" Sparky yapped excitedly.
			Connor gripped Sparky hard, nuzzling him. They enjoyed the view.
			He regained his composure, and they morphed up their gliders as Ivan pulled his parachute chord. The trio landed in a small, abandoned village.
			"Okay, let's go. Do not kill Zalamdayev - he's ours." Ivan growled. With that, the trio descended.

			In the distance, the tyrant stood atop a tank, barking orders to his soldiers as they mowed down Kumyk fighters in cold blood. The massacre was brutal, the screams of the dying echoing across the open field. Zalamdayev's eyes gleamed with sadistic pleasure.
			"[Kill them all!]" he roared in Chechen, the command fueling his soldiers' bloodlust as they reloaded their guns, preparing for more carnage.
			Connor's blood boiled at the sight. His fists clenched, his jaw tightened, and before anyone could react, he leapt into the air, his body propelled by raw superhuman strength.
			He landed with a ground-shaking thud right in front of Zalamdayev's tank, his eyes glowing red.
			The Super-Agents around him snapped to attention, their guns drawn in a flash. Bullets rained down on Connor, the air around him crackling with the force of the barrage.
			He moved like a blur, his enhanced reflexes making him nearly untouchable, but some of the bullets managed to strike his body. The impact was heavy, but his healing factor kicked in almost instantly, the wounds knitting back together. Shrapnel from explosions embedded in his gut, tearing into his flesh, but he didn't even flinch. His rage drove him forward, and with a growl, he pulled the shards free, throwing them at the enemy like deadly projectiles.
			Sparky, a blur of fury and muscle, launched into the fray alongside him. He tore through the soldiers with ferocity, his jaws snapping shut around their throats, tearing their heads clean off with horrifying ease. He howled, the sound of it striking terror into the hearts of Zalamdayev's men.
			An armoured carrier drove into the fray, and its machine gun tore through the battlefied, rattling through their ears. Connor ducked to cover, but saw bullets slam into Sparky, who was knocked backwards.
			"SPARKY! NO!" Connor howled in sorrow. Sparky raised his head, and crawled over.
			Connor dragged him into cover.
			"I'm alright... I can still fight... just give me a minute..." he panted.
			Connor nodded, then looked at the APC.
			"I'm gonna take it down." he vowed.
			He morphed up his full armour, and rushed out from the cover, darting in a zig-zag to avoid the incoming gunfire. Arriving at the front of it, he placed his hands underneath it, and lifted as hard as he could.
			It was agonising. He felt like his arms were on fire, but he pushed on. He raised the APC up vertically, and roared. He pushed it backwards, and the once-proud vehichle had been flipped upside-down. The crew scrambled to escape, only for Ivan's sniper rounds to kill them to a man.
			"Excellent work, tovarishch." Ivan congratulated over the radio.
			Connor panted, and took a moment. The repreive didn't last long.
			A tank round collided into his abdomen, sending him sprawling to the ground, his body contorted in agony as the blast ripped into his flesh. Blood poured from the gaping wound, and his body shuddered and shook. But even as his intestines spilled from the cavity, Connor's resolve remained unbroken.
			With a guttural roar, Connor grabbed the mass of his entrails, now hanging freely from the wound, and with a brutal motion, he used them as a garrotte. He wrapped them around the neck of a nearby Super-Agent, pulling tight with inhuman strength. The Agent struggled and clawed, and Connor tightened the gut-garrotte, before jumping down, yanking and snapping the Agent's neck.
			Another tank shell ripped through the air, slamming into his arm. The explosion was deafening, and his arm was mutilated at the elbow, blood spraying across the battlefield. He barely acknowledged the pain, his expression grim and unwavering.
			The battlefield was now littered with the corpses of Zalamdayev's soldiers, the once-proud fighting force reduced to bloodied, broken bodies in the wake of Connor's rampage. His body was covered in blood - his own, theirs - it didn't matter. The Rage was still burning in him.
			Ivan, positioned from a distance, picked off the remaining soldiers with deadly precision. Isabella sang with each shot, and Zalamdayev's forces fell one by one, unable to stand against the combined might of the trio.
			Connor clambered up to the top of Zamaldayev's tank. He gripped the main gun, and with all his might, lifted.
			He felt the metal bend along with his bones. His ruptured arm tore as blood spat from it, and he screamed and howled in rage and pain.
			Then--KK-KRAK!
			The entire turret ripped away from the tank's hull, swinging back and crashing into the ground behind him. Connor looked down, and saw Zamaldayev rushing out of the chassis. He was tempted, but remembered Ivan's orders. Instead, he gripped the barrel again, and brought the turret swinging down on the hull. The explosion ripped through the air, knocking Zamaldayev to the ground, and sending Connor flying away.
			As Connor landed, his arm finally detatched, falling from him with a sickening *plop* sound. Connor stumbled to his feet, his breath ragged.
			Zalamdayev's forces were no more. The only sound left was the distant cries of the innocent civilians, still caught in the chaos.
			Ivan descended, and clapped Zamaldayev in irons.
			"[You will suffer for this, traitor.]" he whispered in the tyrant's ear.
			Down below, Connor's expression turned vacant. The red in his eyes faded, but his pupils were almost pinpoint-small.
			"Obaldet! Connor! Are you alright?"
			Connor collapsed, his face turning white. Ivan and Sparky caught him, and dragged him and Zamaldayev to the plane.
			A Kumyk soldier rushed to the group. "[Thank you, thank you... You saved us.]"
			Ivan looked at the soldier, nodded, and stood atop the flipped APC. He began to shout.
			"[Let it be known! That on this day, the monster Zamaldayev fell! That from this day on, the Chechens and Kumyks will live side by side! That tomorrow's dawn will be Red! Long live the Soviet Union!]"
			The present villagers, using their understanding of Russian, erupted into cheers. Soldiers fired their guns into the sky, and "[Long live the Soviet Union! On with the Red Dawn!]" was heard chanting through the village.

			Connor woke up, his head heavy and woozy. He looked around - he was on the plane again. Sparky ran up and licked him.
			"Welcome back, tovarishch." Ivan said, warmly.
			"What... what happened?" Connor asked, his voice hoarse.
			"You're okay." Sparky smiled. "You got hurt badly by the explosions, but you're okay now."
			Connor looked down at his gut. It was red and mangled, still bleeding slightly - but he was alive.
			"Wow... Is there anything I can't heal?" he chuckled, before coughing up blood.
			Ivan laughed. "I hope we never find out." With that, Connor rose.
			"Here. Drink this." Ivan said, passing Connor a vodka. Connor took it and smiled.
			Ivan raised his glass. "Na zdorovye." he smiled, and they drank. Even Sparky had a shot, causing him to gag.
			"Ew! That tastes like soap!" he complained, causing Connor to laugh, and then clutch his abdomen - it still hurt.
			"To Mother Russia." Connor toasted, smirking.
			"Hah! Indeed." Ivan laughed.
			"Where's Zamaldayev?"
			"In some hell-hole run by the KGB." Ivan smirked. "We did good today. Anti-Zamaldayev forces have already started fighting harder. And most of them have sworn loyalty to the Soviet Union. We're..." Ivan paused, smiling happily. "We're so close."
			"Glad I could help." Connor smiled, before recoiling in pain.
			"You okay, tovarishch?"
			"I'm fine... for a man whose guts were just made into set dressing, and whose arm is currently regrowing." Connor quipped through the pain.
			"How does it feel? To grow a whole arm." Ivan asked, curious.
			"Not great." Connor chuckled, clutching his abdomen.
			"Can you feel any pain?"
			"My fingertips. My *left* fingertips." Connor said, motioning to his left arm-stump.
			"Phantom pains. I can't imagine how bad that feels, tovarishch. Still, at least you can heal. We thought we'd lost you there."
			Sparky whimpered. "Don't ever die. I'd be lost without you."
			Connor knelt down to Sparky, and went to stroke him, before realising he was using the wrong hand. He chuckled, and stroked Sparky's ears with his other hand.
			"I'll be here forever, buddy. You and me - til the end of the Earth."
			Ivan cleared his throat. "Anyway, I've just heard back from our pals in the KGB."
			"So soon?" Connor asked.
			"We don't mess around." Ivan grinned. "We found something - the reason why Chloe was put on your case."
			Connor leant in, intent on listening. "It's my fault, isn't it? They put her there to get to me?"
			"Hell of an ego there, bratan." Ivan smirked. "Well, it's partly that. Having her there means they think you won't go into thost labs to snoop around. The main reason, though - she's a genius. Honestly. It looks like she's managed to figure out some insane shit."
			"Like what?"
			"How to get limbs to regrow - topical, hah." Ivan began. "She also found this weird adrenaline thing - it's what gives you that rage you have. And, she's made breakthroughs on some antibiotic-resistant bacteria treatments. She's a prodigy."
			Connor smiled warmly. "She sure is. So... You're telling me, they'd have assigned her anyway? It's... It's not my fault?"
			"That's how it looks. And also... I've been thinking. You should snoop around in those labs."
			"But that's putting her in danger!" Connor protested.
			"Bratan - there's something there they don't want you to look at - so you need to take a look." Ivan countered.
			Sparky nodded. "That flesh-monster would have only been the beginning."
			Connor stroked Sparky's ears. "I... Okay, I'll take a look. But I'm not going to let it risk hurting Chloe, understood?"
			"Good man." Ivan nodded.

		Connor and Ivan assassinate Zamaldayev
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was Friday now, and the gang arrived at Drackhill University for the open day. Trey pulled up in the car park.
			"This is so cool!" he began, smirking.
			"I know, right?" Amy beamed.
			As Connor got out, he groaned quietly.
			"You alright?" asked Trey.
			"Yeah... just regrowing my guts. Nothing serious." he winced, clutching his internally-torn abdomen.
			Arriving in the foyeur, Bea met them, fresh off of her latest class.
			"Ughhh, that was *soooo* boring. Hey guys!" she said, visibly perking up upon seeing them.
			"Yo, Bea!" Trey exclaimed. "How was class?"
			"Absolute shit." Bea replied, grinning. "I could not give less of a fuck about corporate law."
			"Hey, it's a chance to know how those bastards operate, eh?" Connor quipped. "Viva la revolution, and whatnot."
			At that, the group laughed.
			"Where's Chloe?" Connor asked.
			"Oooh, listen to him. Chloe this, Chloe that - I'm starting to think you guys are dating!" Amy teased.
			"Haha! She's still in class, Connor. I think it was something funny-sounding... Homo-stasis or something." Bea answered.
			"Oh, you mean what Trey is?" Amy quipped. Trey burst out laughing.
			"Et tu, dyke?" he asked, causing Amy to laugh and hit him.
			With that, the group carried on, making their way to the university canteen.
			"Wow, this place is so cool!" Amy said, awestruck.
			"Haha, I'm glad you like it, hun." Bea replied. "You thinking of applying?" 
			"Yeah!" she smiled excitedly. "They've got a veterinary nursing programme - I can do a degree apprenticeship with my work."
			"What would that entail?" asked Trey.
			"All sorts, really. Animal care, health, exotic animal housing... the works." she explained.
			"And what do you wanna do with all that?" asked Bea.
			"Ideally, I wanna... Okay, don't laugh at me." she began.
			"Amy. When have we ever taken the piss out of anything, ever?" Connor asked sarcastically. No-one could hold their laughter at that.
			"Alright, so..." Amy began, wiping tears of laughter from her eyes, "I want to run an exotic animal sanctuary."
			Connor smiled. "That's so cool! You could take Sparky off my hands then." he quipped. The gang chuckled.
			"I'd take him now. He's such a good boy!" Amy squeed.
			As Connor laughed, his abdomen clenched in pain. He'd healed the worst of it, but the pain lingered. He stretched his hand, feeling shooting pains, and was silently grateful that the cosmetic damage healed so quickly.

			Meanwhile, Chloe was walking down a corridor with another student.
			"I don't know, I guess... I'm just not cut out for this class." the student said pensively.
			"And there's no shame in that." Chloe countered. "The whole point of the biotech course is to give you a broad understanding of several fields. Just because you're struggling in the Genetics class doesn't mean you won't do great in, say the Cybernetics class."
			The student thought for a moment, before smiling. "Yeah, I guess you're right. Thanks, Chloe."
			"No problem!" Chloe smiled. "Hey, if you need help with the genetics coursework, just text me, okay?"
			The student smiled, and nodded.
			Chloe checked her phone, and smiled. "I'm gonna go meet up with some friends. Do you wanna come?"
			"Nah, it's cool. I'm gonna go to my dorm for a nap."
			Chloe chuckled. "Have a good nap!"
			The student smiled and waved away.

			Chloe arrived in the canteen. Connor spotted her first, and stood. She immediately rushed over and hugged him.
			"Hey!" she said, smiling warmly.
			Connor smiled back. "Hey there yourself!"
			"Hey hey! There's my favourite couple!" Trey shouted, beaming with excitement.
			"Hah, hey Trey! How is everyone?" Chloe asked, smiling.
			"We're good! Amy was just telling us about her wanting to do veterinary science here." Bea said, beaming.
			"Oh, no way! One of my professors teaches on that course too - I can introduce you if you like?"
			"That... that would actually be really great!" Amy replied, smiling brightly.
			The group made their way to the office of Prof. Isaac Lowenthal, and Chloe knocked on the door.

			"Come in!" Lowenthal said. The group entered.
			"Ah, Chloe! Good to see you. Can I help you and your friends?" he asked.
			"Hi Professor! My friend here was hoping to apply to the veterinary apprenticeship course next year - I was wondering if you could have a chat with her, explain the course a bit?" she asked.
			"But of course! Good to meet you. What interests you in verterinary sciences?" he asked, his voice welcoming.
			"Good to meet you too, sir!" she beamed, extending her hand out for a handshake. "I'm Amy - Amy Zhao. I, um... I love animals, and I really want to look after them." she said bashfully.
			"Excellent! Truly excellent!" he beamed. "Far too often, I see prospective students say they wish to study to 'see the world', or to 'secure a good career'. Too few people take my courses for the one reason they should - to do good in the world!"
			Chloe smiled. "Professor Lowenthal teaches the Biomedicine side of my course." she explained.
			"And I must say, Miss Derrington, you are top of my class!" he beamed with pride. "Your solution to the antibiotics assignment - breathtaking!"
			"What was that?" Connor asked, intrigued.
			"Oh, nothing..." Chloe blushed - she hated to brag. Lowenthal had none of that.
			"Nothing?! My dear, your solution was nothing short of genius! You see, antibiotic-resistant bacteria are the bane of modern medicine. A disease of our own making - the scourge of overprescription. And what did Miss Derrington propose as a solution?"
			"It was nothing too clever, professor. I just said we should use bacteriophages on antibiotic-resistant strains." she said modestly.
			"And that was a stroke of brilliance!" Lowenthal exclaimed. "By using bacteriophages, the resitant strains are defenceless. If they adapt to combat the phages, they become more vulnerable to antibiotics. Chloe, my dear - I am not joking when I say this should be in your dissertation. It is groundbreaking."
			"That's amazing!" Connor beamed. "You figured that out?"
			"I mean, it wasn't an unknown thing..." Chloe said, letting out a sliver of pride. "But yeah, it's tricky to get the right virus for the job each time."
			"Which is why your idea was so amazing. Plasmids!" Lowenthal cut in. "Chloe found a way to create plasmids - imagine a USB of DNA - that antibiotic-resistant strains would swap amongst themselves. These special Plasmids Chloe developed, however, are like ticking time bombs! Once the bacteria reach critical mass, the plasmids turn into bacteriophages specifically keyed for the resistant strain! Genius!"
			Chloe blushed shyly. "Thank you, professor. Anyway, as I was saying - Professor Lowenthal teaches biomedicine, and so he's a big part of the veterinary and medicine courses here."
			Lowenthal smiled. "Amy, my dear - what courses do you study at college?"
			"I did zoology as a BTEC - got a Distinction." she answered, timidly.
			"Excellent, excellent... Well, I must say you've impressed me. And you certainly meet our requirements. I would be honoured if you would apply to the course. I'll be sure to give your application the consideration it deserves."
			"Really? Thank you so much!" Amy beamed with pride.

			The group left Lowenthal's office, and gathered outside.
			"Oh my god!" Bea exclaimed, grabbing Amy in for a hug. The two embraced.
			"Proud of you." Trey said, beaming happily.
			"Professor Lowenthal is a great teacher, and a good judge of character - I'm sure you'll get in." Chloe nodded.
			"Well done, sis." Connor added, hugging her.
			The group cheered along.
			Connor pulled Chloe to one side.
			"Hey - that stuff the professor said about antibiotic-resistant bacteria? That sounded really cool!" he smiled.
			"Hah, really? I don't know... it must seem boring, right?" she said sheepishly.
			"No, not at all." Connor beamed. "You remember how, when we first met, you said it'd be nice if you could talk about this stuff, to help yourself figure out how to present it to a layman?"
			Chloe smiled, happy to hear Connor remember such an old detail. "Yeah, I do - do you wanna do a study date one night?"
			"I'd love to." Connor beamed. She kissed his cheek, and the two rejoined the group.

			Once out of earshot, Lowenthal took a deep breath.
			He picked up an old photograph of himself and some other work colleagues, dated 1995.
			He looked closely at one in particular, then looked out at the group, focused his view on Amy, and sighed deeply.
			"Zhao..." he whispered.

		Uni Open Day
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That evening, in the Derrington household, William was sat in the garden. Sveta joined him, fresh from attending to Oliver.
			"Would you like a coffee, William?" she asked.
			"Oh, no thank you." he half-smiled. "How's my dad doing?"
			"He is okay." Sveta smiled. "He seems rather confused today, however."
			"Confused how?" William tilted his head.
			"He, um... He didn't recognise me originally. He seemed to think I was his wife for a bit."
			"Ah." William looked down bashfully. "He didn't... he wasn't inappropriate, was he?"
			"Not at all." Sveta smiled reassuringly. "However... I hope I'm wrong, but I believe he's beginning to deteriorate further."
			William sighed. "Well, he's 94. Is he in any pain?"
			"None." Sveta shook her head. "But his skin is beginning to peel, and his sclera have a bluish tint to them - indicating his VS is intensifying. I've sent this over to Dr. Philips, but..."
			"He's probably not long for the Earth." William dryly noted.
			"We shall see." Sveta shrugged.
			"I wonder if I'll end up like that. After all, I'm almost certainly a carrier, right?"
			"Only 40% of VS carriers will develop Elder-Onset VS." Sveta replied. "And, it must be said - the largest impact on your father's quality of life is the dementia, not the Volkov."
			"I suppose." William shrugged. "Chloe's never let her VS get in the way."
			Sveta smiled warmly. "No, she hasn't. "
			"Anyway, enough of me moping about..." William chuckled. "You seem to be in good spirits?"
			"Oh, yes..." Sveta smiled. "There is, um, good news back home in Russia. A bad man - a very bad man - has been captured."
			"Oh? Do tell." William asked, glad to have something else to talk about.
			"Vadim Zamaldayev. A horrible man, a war criminal. Responsible for ethnic cleansing in Chechnya. When I was still in the Army, we fought with his forces." she explained, deep in memory.
			"Oh my..." William said, awestruck. "I suppose that is good news, a monster like that being captured."
			"Yes, it's very good news." Sveta nodded. "The people of Chechnya can sleep a lot more soundly now."
			William smiled. "Sveta, I've been meaning to say... Thank you for putting up with my family."
			"Nonsense." Sveta replied firmly. "Serving your family is a privilege." 
			"Not all of us, though." William grinned. "I know how much you care for Chloe."
			"Chloe is... one of a kind." Sveta smiled. "She's stronger than you give her credit for."
			"You're right..." William nodded, stroking his chin.

			He went inside, and phoned Chloe's number.
			"Hi dad!" she answered.
			"Hey, sweetheart! How are things?" he asked, smiling happily.
			"Good, thanks! I've just got home from seeing friends."
			"Aw, that's good, sweetheart. How are your friends?"
			Catherine entered the room silently. William looked at her, and then back at the phone.
			"They're good!" Chloe replied. "I, um... do you remember Connor?"
			"Oh, yeah - the boy who drove you and Bea? He was nice." William replied. Catherine scoffed.
			"Well, um... Don't tell mum, but, I've kind of been seeing him a lot more lately." Chloe said, her blushing audible.
			At this point, Catherine stepped in. "Chloe. Why do you do this to yourself?"
			"Oh." Chloe said, her disappointment palpable.
			"Sorry, darling - your mother just arrived." William explained, giving Catherine a dirty look.
			"It's okay, dad. I was just telling you about Connor." she replied, her voice less happy now.
			"Right, yes! How's that going?" he asked.
			"Um, it's nice. He's... he's really sweet. I feel... I feel really happy when he's around."
			"Chloe. You can't just date anyone who shows you attention." Catherine said dismissively.
			"Catherine." William shook his head.
			Chloe took a deep breath. "It's not just attention. Connor actually understands me. He listens, and he cares. I'm... I'm really happy with him."
			"Happy? Is that what you call this? A fling that will end in heartbreak - like last time?"
			Chloe paused for a moment. "Give my love to Sveta." she said, before hanging up.
			William looked at Catherine, scowling.
			"Catherine, you can't keep treating Chloe like this. She deserves our support, not your scorn."
			"Support? You mean coddling her? She needs to learn how to fit into the world, William. It's not my fault if she struggles." Catherine hissed.
			"Struggles? She's trying her best! You think pushing her away will help? It only drives her into her shell."
			"I'm not pushing her away; I'm trying to prepare her for reality! If she can't keep up, what's going to happen when we're gone?" Catherine asked - a rare flash of emotion beyond scorn rushed over her.
			"You really think shoving her aside is the answer? She's not just a reflection of us, Catherine. She's her own person."
			"A person who's attracting the attention of that... that boy! Connor is unsuitable. Don't you want her to end up with someone who can give her the life she deserves?" she replied, her voice cold and unfeeling once more.
			"You mean the life *you* think she deserves! Chloe likes him, and he treats her well. Why can't you see that? As her parents, we should be happy." he snapped back.
			"Come off it, William. You know as well as I that boys like that are only interested in one thing. Two at a push. He'll have his fun, rob her blind, and leave her. And we'll be forced to deal with the aftermath yet again."
			"You don't know that! Besides, she's a grown woman! She has a right to make her own choices! She's in love, Catherine!"
			"Love? It's infatuation! She's not thinking clearly. You're too soft on her. She needs guidance, not encouragement for foolish dreams!" Catherine hissed again. "Look at Francis! Look at what happens when we trust Chloe's instincts!"
			William sighed heavily. "Chloe is stronger than you think."
			He left the room.
			Catherine stood still for a moment, before she noticed something on her cheek - a tear.

			That night, the gang were walking to the bus station from the Laughing Fox, after a big pub crawl.
			"Woop woop!" Trey cheered drunkenly.
			"I'm not going to sing any Irish rebel songs, so don't ask." Connor smirked.
			"Come on, bro..." Trey laughed. "Just one more song about how you hate the British."
			Connor smirked, and looked at the group. "Yous are alright. Don't start your cars in the morning."
			The group laughed at Connor's joke.
			"So, you guys up to much tomorrow?" Connor asked.
			"I've got work - a late shift." Chloe smiled.
			"You've been working flat out lately." Amy commented.
			"Yeah, it's been a lot - but the pay's good!" Chloe smiled happily.
			"I'm bored out of my mind." Trey shrugged.
			"Speaking of - they're reopening the repair shop soon." Connor smiled. "I might take the first shift with you."
			"Oh great, here I thought we'd got rid of ya!" Trey snarked. Connor playfully punched his arm.
			"At least you can have a lie in." Amy shrugged.
			"Even if he were working tomorrow, he'd still have a lie-in." Bea smirked. "How many shots did you have?"
			"Too many..." Trey groaned.

			"Fuck off!" a drunk man shouted at a pigeon, as he stumbled across the street.
			"Oop, manic night, mate?" Trey grinned.
			"Ugh... yesh..." he slurred, tripping. Trey caught him quickly.
			"Whoa, mind yourself. Don't wanna fall in the quay." he said.
			"Yeah, yeah..." the man nodded, stumbling off.
			The group made a few steps, before a spashing sound filled their ears.
			"Oh, fuck." Connor rushed over, and realised the man couldn't stay afloat.
			"Let's call an ambulance." Chloe gasped. Connor passed her his phone, and jumped right in.
			"Connor, wait! It's freezing, you could get hypothermia!" she shouted, as he splashed down.
			Without any fuss, Connor grabbed the flailing drunk with one arm, and gripped onto the ladder with the other. He jumped himself up it, like a salmon ladder, making it to the top. He laid the man down flat, and thankfully, he was breathing - though barely cognisant.

			The ambulance took him away, leaving a towel for Connor to wrap around his shoulders.
			The gang sat down on a nearby bench, while Chloe checked Connor over signs of hypothermia.
			Satisfied he was fine, she sat down next to him.
			"You sure you're okay?" she asked, trembling.
			"Yeah, I'm fine - are you alright?" he asked.
			"I'm fine... I'm not the one who dived into freezing canal water." she replied, leaning into him. "You still feel nice and warm, though."
			She kissed his cheek. "You're a hero."
			Connor chuckled. "Hah, hero? I don't know..."
			Bea chuckled. "Look out, Werewolf - there's a new hero on the block."
			Connor chuckled and blushed. "Hah... I just went on instinct."
			"Well, you saved a life - so your instincts are clearly pretty good." Chloe smiled. The two leant their foreheads against each other, and then kissed.

		Splash/Catherine and William argue

	Warzones
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was a crisp Saturday morning. The sun had been up for a few hours now, and brought warmth to the city.
			Chloe, Amy, and Bea arrived outside the Redbridge Community Centre, excited grins on their faces.
			They entered into the foyer, where Pawel was stood. A banner that read "GRAND REOPENING" hung from the wall.
			"Aha! My friends!" he cheered upon seeing them.
			"Yo, Pawel!" Amy grinned. "Shall I get my ID out?"
			Pawel chuckled. "Speaking of, we're reopening the Horse tomorrow night. Be there, or I'll never let you in again." he winked.
			The girls laughed, and carried on.
			"So, plan for the day." Amy began. "The meatheads are doing some demonstration for the new self-defence class."
			"Connor told me about that." Chloe smiled proudly. "He's really excited."
			Amy smiled back. "Other than that, there's a soup kitchen they've set up in the mess hall. While the guys are setting up the world's shittiest dojo, maybe we can help out there?"
			"Hell yeah!" Bea cheered. "Let's go make some soup!"
			"You're surprisingly excited about making soup." Amy grinned.
			Bea laughed. "Well, it's that or beat the shit out of Trey. I mean I'm tempted, but still."
			The girls all laughed.
			"Interesting how you defaulted to beating up Trey and not Connor." Amy chuckled.
			"Well, yeah, but in fairness I've seen Connor fight off an entire gang before." Bea smirked.
			"I mean, Trey did help." Amy shrugged. "As did I!"
			"Excactly - helped. Hence why my chances are a little better." Bea snarked.
			"I reckon Connor would be easier to beat." Chloe grinned. "All you have to do is ask him a history question, then punch him in the face while he infodumps."
			"Damn, that's insider information." Bea laughed.
			Amy chuckled. "I could beat Connor in a fight, purely because he'd feel *terrible* if he won."
			The girls chuckled in unison, before entering the mess hall. There, a crowd of hungry people stood in line. Raj was serving at the stall, with several pots of soup on offer, and more being prepared in the kitchen.
			"Amy!" he smiled warmly. "And you two, as well - I'm Raj, as in Raj's Cafe."
			The girls entered the kitchen.
			"Hi, Raj! Pleased to meet you!" Chloe and Bea both said.
			Raj shook their hands, and smiled. The girls put on aprons, and got to work preparing and serving.
			Chloe stood at the counter, it being her turn to serve.
			"Next please!" she called. A familiar woman approached the counter.
			"Hello, love! How have you been?" she asked.
			"Oh, hi again! Eliza, wasn't it? And yes, I've been great!" Chloe smiled warmly. "How have you been?"
			"Well remembered, love!" Eliza smiled back. "Well, still homeless, haha! But I'm so glad this place is open."
			Chloe bowed her head. "We have 3 soups on at the moment - there's vegetable, beef, or chicken."
			"Ooh, lovely - can I have a scoop of each?" Eliza asked, her stomach rumbling slightly.
			"Of course!" Chloe smiled, serving.
			Eliza took the bowl, and brought it to her face. She smelled it, and smiled, enjoying the warmth.
			"Thank you so much, love." she nodded.
			"Not at all!" Chloe beamed, and continued to serve.

			An hour or so had passed, and the crowd gradually dispersed, having been fed. The girls took off their aprons, and headed to the sports hall.
			There, Connor and Trey were demonstrating a number of MMA moves, to a crowd of awestruck youngsters.
			"Here is how you break out of a rear naked choke." Connor began. Trey put him into position - he wrapped his left arm around Connor's neck, putting the forearm and biceps against the carotids. Meanwhile, his right arm threaded under Connor's, raising it in the air. His inner elbow rested in Connor's armpit, and his hand pressed against the back of Connor's head.
			"Notice how he's put his arm under mine." Connor pointed out. "That makes it harder for me to pull his arm away. This is a wee bit more advanced than a standard choke, and it's not one *you* guys should be using on each other. Now, you want to break free *before* he locks in. But as that's not always possible, I'm gonna have him start choking me. I won't be able to talk, but watch what I do."
			Trey applied downward pressure to Connor's neck. While Connor could still breathe fine enough, he held his breath to keep it realistic. Trey's form was great - any human unlucky enough to be in Connor's position would need to tap out in moments.
			Connor began by turning his head sideways and tucking his chin into his shoulder, trying to wedge it between Trey's arms and his neck.
			"See that." Trey pointed out. "By doing that, he's preventing a full carotid lock. Try and bite your own shoulder - that's the level of tucking and twisting you need to do."
			Connor then reached behind his head with his free arm, peeling at Trey's fingers.
			"This is great form, too." Trey noted. "If he can take out this hand here, he can reduce around half of the pressure applied. In a real fight, you can also try and claw at your attacker's eyes. Remember - we have rules here so you guys don't get hurt. If you're actually getting attacked, there are no rules to self-defence."
			Suddenly, Connor dropped into a squat and, with a sharp twist and a burst of power, lifted Trey slightly before falling back. They hit the mat with a loud thud, and Trey's grip broke.
			Connor caught his breath, and swiftly rose, before darting backwards. "That's the best way to escape. If you can get his lock to slip for even a moment, you need to use that moment to break free. Then, make space between you and them, catch your breath, and continue."
			Trey stood too, smiling. Connor looked over, and saw the girls enter. He looked at Chloe, and smiled, blushing slightly.
			Trey grinned wider, and grabbed Connor from behind, before throwing him to the ground. Connor looked at him and smirked.
			"Remember, fighters!" Trey laughed. "Never let yourself get distracted!"
			Connor chuckled and stood. "Okay guys, let's all take five. Then, we can get to work on yous lot, too."

			The class rose, and began mingling. The boys headed over.
			"Nice choking, Trey!" Amy grinned.
			"You guys didn't hear him, but he kept whispering 'Harder, daddy!'" Trey quipped. The gang burst into laughter.
			"Fuck you!" Connor snickered. "Anyway... how are you guys finding the place?"
			"It's amazing!" Chloe beamed. "I saw Eliza earlier - the woman we met in town?"
			"Oh yeah!" Connor smiled. "She didn't play a flute tune, did she?"
			Chloe smirked. "I'm proud of you guys. You're doing such a good deed."
			"What inspired you guys to start this class, by the way?" Bea asked.
			"Well... These kids, they've not got much going for them." Connor shrugged. "Public services are shot to pieces, school's are a load of crap for them, the only interaction they have with the state is when their mums get arrested for battery... That's a breeding ground for resentment. And resentment is what the Patriots feed off of."
			"Not just them, either. All manner of gangs will take these kids in, fill their heads with bullshit, wind 'em up, and set them off at their rivals. And even without the gangs, knife crime in this city is bad enough. If you leave disaffected youth to stew in their anger - legitimate anger, I might add - then you're asking for trouble." Trey added. "This way, they get an outlet for their frustrations, they learn discipline, they develop solidarity with each other..."
			"And solidarity is the enemy of hatred." Connor nodded. "There are tactical benefits, too."
			"Such as?" Bea tilted her head.
			"Well for starters, it's a lot harder for thugs like the Patriots to cause shit in Redbridge if more of us know how to stick up for ourselves. Not to mention the fact that by providing these services and fostering a sense of community, these kids aren't gonna be easy recruits to any of the gangs in Drackhill." he explained.
			"Is the Syndicate going to recruit them, though?" Bea stroked her chin.
			Trey shook his head. "I personally got the assurance from Tommy that we weren't here for that. I mean sure, chances are at least some of these kids will grow up and join RS, but for the majority, it's an outlet, not an inlet - you know?"
			Bea nodded. "You guys are doing some really good work."
			The boys smiled, and bowed.
			"We're gonna start teaching them grappling - yous wanna stick around?" Connor asked.
			"We'd love to, but..." Chloe began.
			"Soup's not gonna cook itself." Amy smirked.
			The boys chuckled, and bade the girls farewell.

			A few hours passed. The kids were tired now, and the boys could tell.
			"Alright, everyone - let's call it there." Connor said, eliciting murmering cheers from the kackered students.
			"Great work, guys. Absolutely great." Trey smiled warmly. "So, we'll be running this class every Saturday afternoon. Won't always be both of us, but will always be at least one of us. Now go home, rest up - we'll hopefully see everyone in a week!"
			The kids cheered, a little more energetic this time, and began to leave. One kid approached the boys.
			"Um... sirs?" she asked them.
			"Hey! Sienna, wasn't it? What's up?" Trey smiled. "And, by the way - you don't have to call us 'sir' - we're not in school." he gave a cheeky wink.
			Sienna smiled nervously. "I, um... I don't think this is for me. I'm not a fighter, I--I get too scared." she admitted. "I'm sorry."
			"That's okay!" Connor shrugged. "Is there anything we could do differently that might make you more comfortable?"
			She shrugged back, unsure.
			Trey stroked his chin. "What made you wanna attend today's lesson?"
			"I, uh... it'll sound dumb." she looked down sheepishly.
			"You don't have to tell us if you don't want to. But whatever it is, we're not gonna laugh at you, okay?" Connor said reassuringly.
			Sienna smiled softly. "Well, I was hoping I could get more confident. It's... It's to impress a boy at school."
			Trey smiled warmly. "That's not dumb at all! And while you definitely shouldn't change yourself for other people, being more confident can be really helpful in showing him your true self."
			"This might help - what about the self-defence class makes you think it'll help boost your confidence?" asked Connor.
			"Well, I guess... knowing how to protect myself and others is cool. And it's good for fitness, too." Sienna shrugged.
			Connor smiled. "Tell you what. If the problem is you're getting too scared when the other kids spar with you, maybe we work with that? We could try and find a style that works for you - maybe one that focuses more on dodging and maneuver."
			"You seemed pretty light on your feet during practice." Trey noted. "That kind of form is perfect for Baguazhang."
			"What's that?" Sienna tilted her head.
			The boys grinned, and faced each other in the ring.
			"Right, Trey's by far the more experienced in Bagua than me." Connor began. "So, I'll take a more standard combat form."
			He raised his fists, and planted his feet.
			Trey, meanwhile, had his feet perched slightly, almost tiptoeing. His arms were outstretched and crossed, with his palms open.
			"Watch me." he grinned. He immediately began turning the circle.
			Connor swung around, trying to catch him. Each time, Trey shifted gears and turned the circle the other way. Finally, a quick kick to the back legs and a jab to the side put Trey on his knees.
			"And from here, I could grapple, choke, or just get the hell outta there." Trey smirked.
			Sienna beamed with excitement. "And you think I'd be good at that?"
			"Oh, absolutely." Connor smiled. "Bagua is all about evasion and maneuver. If you're scared of being hit, Bagua helps make sure you won't be."
			"That being said, it's not a perfect form - none are." Trey added. "But the more confident you get with Bagua, the more comfortable you'll be learning other forms. Plus, Bagua's related to Tai chi, so worst case scenario, you can just do some stretches to calm yourself down."
			Sienna chuckled. "Thanks, guys. I'll see you both in a fortnight!"
			"Nice one!" Connor beamed as she left. The boys sat down on the bench.

			"You okay?" Connor asked.
			"Yeah, bro - just knackered." Trey smirked.
			Connor chuckled, then his face turned a little more serious. "I... I didn't hurt you at all back there, did I?"
			"What? No, not at all - why?"
			"Because I can kill normal humans in a single punch?" Connor raised an eyebrow.
			"Well, you know if you did kill me, I'd haunt your arse." Trey smirked. Connor laughed.
			"How are you holding up anyway? We haven't really had a chance to talk one-on-one since Mexico."
			"Yeah..." Trey sighed. "Is that how we afforded all this?"
			"Partially." he shrugged. "That, and the Chechnya job."
			Trey smiled back. "So, anyway... how are things with Chloe?"
			"We're good. I was worried Yaz turning up would worry her, but she trusts me. She shouldn't, but still..."
			Trey sighed, and patted Connor's back. "You any closer to being able to tell her?"
			"Maybe." Connor shrugged. "It's not fair on Sparky - he wants to talk to her now that he's able to. And *I* wanna tell her too, of course."
			"Shannon mentioned you guys were on a mission tomorrow?"
			"I'm gonna go round Morland. Office should be deserted - she shouldn't be working. We're meeting up tomorrow evening after that - probably end up in the Horse."
			Trey chuckled. "Anyway... What are you hoping to find in the labs?"
			"Intel. Sparky had a looksie over there a couple weeks back. He found some crazy shit - not least of which was a clone of me they'd been keeping."
			"A clone?! Like, you, but evil?"
			Connor chuckled. "Nah, not quite. It was mutated, deformed. Still strange though."
			Trey leant back, deep in thought.
			With that, Shannon walked in.
			"Hey, guys!" she smiled.
			"Evening, Jinx." Connor grinned.
			"I'm warming to it." she chuckled, sitting down with them.
			"Wow, this sports hall is really something! And you guys have this club every week?"
			"Hell yeah!" Connor beamed. "You're welcome to join us."
			"And what, get my arse kicked by the world's most ginger prison escapee?" she snarked.
			The three laughed heartily, and leaned back.

		Community Centre Opening
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was late Sunday afternoon, and Connor stalked his way through Morland Genetics.
			"Jinx, this is Vanguard. I'm in the building." he whispered over his commline.
			"Copy that." Shannon nodded. "I've put the CCTV on loop - but it can't hurt to make sure the security room is handled, still."
			"This is Troubleshooter. Already dealt with." Ivan reported, standing over the snoring guard and holding a chloroform-soaked rag.
			"Points for efficiency." Connor snarked. "What's the rest of the team's status?"
			"Patrol duty - but they're focusing on Belson, so they can assist if needed." Shannon explained. "You should keep going."
			He prowled into a lab, and began searching through documents.
			"Not here... Not here..." he muttered to himself. "...Here!" he grabbed a file and began to read through.
			"Document CD-454" it read. CD - Chloe Derrington.
			"Subject: Abnormal Adrenaline-analogues detected in 'superhuman' specimens"
			Connor read through Chloe's notes, impressed with her work. She'd always had a knack for this...
			There. He found the section on this 'Paradrenaline'. He read through - it seemed this substance could supercharge his powers. When he was having a Paradrenaline rush, he could hit harder, take more, and heal faster. 
			He saw another paragraph:
			"This 'Paradrenaline' is similar to synthetic neuropeptides we've experimented with in the past, but applied to the adrenal system in a completely new way. If this compound really amplifies the healing process, it could be dangerous in the long term. We need to be cautious with its application, especially considering the potential for neurological breakdown. Prolongued exposure could cause migraines, nasal bleeding, or even seizures..."
			Connor paused. "The migraines. They must be caused by the Paradrenaline."
			He smirked, glad to know where that little quirk came from. He considered adding his own note there - that acute pain reduced the symptoms, implying he had a similar endorphin-analogue - but decided against it. That *would* be stupid.
			He read on - only to hear a door open. He ducked quickly behind a storage closet.
			Chloe walked in. "Hello? Jones? Is that you in there?" she asked unsurely.
			Connor's breath quickened. If she saw the Werewolf here, what would she do? Sure, he saved her once in this costume - but this was different. Besides, she wasn't supposed to be working tonight... this was supposed to be easy.
			"...Jones? It... It's not funny, come on out." Chloe said, her voice trembling.
			Connor froze in place. Don't move, don't move...
			"Okay, I can see you're hiding behind the closet. Come on, we're both grown ups, don't... don't mess around..." she continued, almost whispering in fear.
			Connor gulped. He took a deep breath, and walked out, hands in the air.
			Chloe gasped, dropping the papers she was holding.
			"Stay calm." he said, hiding his voice.
			"You... I..." she stuttered.
			"I came here to learn what you and your people know about me." he explained.
			"Oh. I... The file... There..." she pointed, unable to get a sentence out.
			"It's alright. I'm not going to hurt you." he said softly, lowering his hands. "I came here for information, not a fight."
			"I, um... I can help you." she replied, finding her voice a bit more.
			Connor was taken aback. "No. I do not need your help." he said as firmly as he could. "I will not make you get involved in this."
			"I'm already involved, aren't I? I'm studying you." Chloe tilted her head, her nerves settling. "Look, someone... someone very dear to me told me once... there's the law, and there's plain old right and wrong."
			Connor winced at those words - his words.
			"You saved me and my friends - a couple of times, in fact. And your actions helped get my boyfriend out of prison. So, you can't be as bad as people say. And... I think something is going on here. Something bad. So, if you're here, that means you're investigating, right?"
			"I am... But... I don't need your help. You could get hurt, and unlike me, you stay hurt." he replied, his voice faltering ever-so-slightly.
			"Look, here - my keycard." she said, grabbing it from her jacket. "I can use this to get us into the lower levels. I've only gone there once myself, but I still have access. I know they're doing some experiments down there - maybe it's connected to your work? I, um... I've had doubts about this place. You investigating here just confirms it."
			"It is not safe." Connor countered. "You've seen the bodies of the men I kill. If they learned you were helping me... They'd kill you. Don't think they wouldn't."
			Chloe hesitated, but steeled herself. "So you admit it."
			Connor tilted his head, confused.
			"I was told our job was to investigate these... superhumans. To discover what was going on with them. And now you're saying, if I help you investigate this place, that would piss the superhumans off, right? So, you're admitting that this place is connected to them." she continued.
			Connor sighed. Getting her involved like this would paint a huge target on her back. But... he *needed* to know. No. He couldn't...
			"Listen to me... If this place is working *for* those monsters, that means I've been complicit. And I can't have that. Now, I'm going to head down to the lower levels. It's up to you if you want to follow me."
			Connor morphed a knife from his costume. Chloe looked at it, eyes wide open.
			"It's okay." he whispered. "I'll bring this with me. If anyone finds us, we'll act like I was holding you at knifepoint and made you give me access - okay?"
			"Sounds good." Chloe nodded, ready to go. The pair sneaked through the labs - they were quiet this time of night.
			"So... How come you're working this late?" Connor asked.
			"I've been putting in a lot of overtime recently. There's this..." she hesitated. "I've been saving up for something."
			"Oh?" Connor asked, curious.
			"I, um... No, it's nothing. Sorry." she said, not wanting to divulge this to the Werewolf. Despite this, she felt like she could trust him - and not just because of his rescue of her.
			They made it to the access door for the lower levels. Chloe took out her keycard, but Connor motioned for her to freeze.
			
			"Wait here." he said, noticing an access camera. "Jinx - got a camera here. Is it on the main network?"
			"Yes - I've got it on loop, but given the sensitivity here, I recommend you try that ruse of yours, just in case." she nodded.
			He put the knife up to her throat - almost gently. The sharp edge was facing away from her, and the whole blade was pointing as far from her skin as possible. She gulped, and used her keycard. They entered. As soon as they were in, Connor put the knife down.
			"Sorry... Best way to make sure you don't get in trouble. We've trashed the CCTV, but... can never be too careful." he explained sheepishly.
			"It's okay..." Chloe replied. "Let's just find what we came for."
			With that, the two headed into the labs. Connor went into the one Sparky mentioned - the one with the cancerous monster grown from his hand. They entered, and Chloe retched. Multiple... Multiple cancerous... things... were sat in cages, groaning wordlessly.
			"What... What are those?!" she asked, horrified.
			Connor approached one. It must have been even further degenerated than the first. He looked at the notes next to it.
			"Clones. Of me. Grown from my hand." Connor said, clinically. The human boy they took and twisted would be sickened - but Connor was used to these horrors by now. Hell, only in the past week did he strangle a man with his own entrails - this was getting old.
			"I... What? No, your hand was... was incinerated. As soon as I was done studying it, I passed it over to the lab who said they incinerated it..." Chloe said, mortified.
			"Clearly, they lied." Connor replied. "The first subject was more like me - less... grotesque. These ones... they must have been cultured from its tissue. A flawed copy of a flawed copy. Poor wretches."
			"This... this isn't just cloning." Chloe began. "The degeneration, the malformed tissue - it's as if they were trying to replicate something without understanding the underlying biology. Each iteration seems weaker, more unstable. I've seen something like this in genetic studies before, but nothing this extreme."
			Connor put his hand up to the glass of one cage.
			"Kill me... kill me..." the creature begged. Connor closed his eyes, and reached out through his mind. A flash hit his mind like a train - memories. The drills, the saws, the syringes... The old man laughing. The agony... The same agony this creature felt. For a moment, he wasn't in the lab anymore - he was back there. The drills screeched in his ears. Blades carved into flesh. A cruel laugh echoed in the darkness. "Subject is stable." a voice declared, clinical and detached, as pain ripped through him. Connor stumbled back, his hands gripping the edge of the cage. "No..." he whispered. "No, not again. Never again." 
			"What? What is it?" Chloe asked.
			"They did it again. I... I heard it speak." Connor replied, still in shock.
			"You... what?"
			Connor shook his head. "Long story. It... It begged for death."
			"I... We should, shouldn't we?" Chloe said, her face pale. "I mean... this is wrong. Cruel. Letting them suffer like this..."
			She approached the notes on one specimen, and read them. "These clones... they're genetically modified, but they haven't been allowed to develop naturally. Instead of growing and maturing like normal cells, they're being forcefully accelerated. It's causing rapid mutations, which explains the grotesque appearance and the pain response. They're not just victims of bad science; they're experiments gone wrong. Whoever is running this operation doesn't care about ethical boundaries, or human life for that matter."
			"I agree. They..." he said, glancing back at the notes. "They've been injected with radioactive compounds to limit their healing powers. That means they can be overdosed. Here--" he pointed to the pain relief button - "Go to the others. Hold that button down for 10 seconds, and it'll deliver a dosage high enough to kill them."
			Chloe gulped - the idea of killing them herself was offputting.	But she steeled herself, and did it.
			"They need this. It's wrong." she whispered, and held down the button, her eyes closed. She reopened them, and saw a misshapen, misplaced, discoloured eye from the creature look back at her - was it thanking her?
			Connor did the same, and in less than a minute, the poor wretches all stopped quivering.
			"We need to burn them." he said, his voice regaining its prior coldness.
			"How?" Chloe asked, still shocked.
			"Fuck..." Connor whispered, looking back at the control panels. "There's an incinerate button. How... How many of these things have they had to make and dispose of? What the hell are they making them for?!"
			"For that?" Chloe answered, pointing. One of the creatures had shuffled in its death throes, revealing a series of tubes carrying blood from it. "They're after your blood, maybe?"
			Connor paused. He pushed the button, incinerating the bodies of the creatures, and the pair headed further down - into a storage zone.
			Crates and crates littered the zone. Connor cracked one open, and was horrified - syringes. 
			"What are those?" Chloe asked, unsure.
			"Super-serum." he answered. "The same drug that made me."
			"What?! No, it... It can't be. How would they even get that?"
			"They made it." Connor replied, still in shock himself. He picked one up.
			"Why would they need this much?" Chloe asked, scanning the endless rows of syringes.
			"This isn't research - this is a factory. They're gearing up for something big." 
			His fist clenched. "An army." he growled. "An army of people like me. Jinx, are you getting this?"
			"I am." she nodded grimly. "Now we know where all the serum is coming from."
			He noticed a door. "Production. There."
			In there, they found a machine - with tubes carrying blood heading into it, and syringes being filled.
			Connor grabbed some papers, and launched a massive punch at the machine, shattering it. The pair left. As they left, Connor smashed the syringes in the storage zone, making them unusable. The two retured to the normal levels, and sneaked back to Chloe's lab.
			"I... I had no idea they were doing any of that, I swear." she began, still processing the events.
			"I know." Connor nodded softly. "I'm going to head to the security room - I'll destroy any footage, and I'll delete the logs showing you let me in. No one will know. Still... you're registered as on shift tonight. So, they'll probably question what happened here. Tell them you heard nothing."
			Connor handed her the file he took from her lab.
			Chloe paused, deep in thought. "I... I'm sorry for what they did." she began.
			"You helped me get closer to stopping it. Don't be sorry."
			"Hah... You remind me of someone, you know. Someone... someone close to me." she mused.
			"I doubt that." he chuckled. "Unless your friend can also rip and tear through hordes of soldiers."
			"Hah... Honestly, if they were threatening me, I think he would." Chloe said, smiling.
			"Anyway, I'd best be out of here. Thank you... Thank you for helping me."
			"I'm Chloe, by the way." she replied. "I won't ask your name..."
			"Call me 'You'. That works." Connor quipped. She laughed.
			"Hah, yeah, you definitely remind me of him. Same sense of humour."
			She tilted her head, studying him. "You're... different to what I expected." she said softly.
			Beneath the mask, his face turned pale. He nodded, and left.
			Chloe watched him go, the door hissing shut behind him. She clutched the file in her hands, her mind racing. This wasn't just a rogue vigilante.
			The way he moved. The way he spoke. He was someone who reminded her far too much of... No.
			She shook her head, banishing the thought. "Get it together, Chloe." she whispered. "Focus."

		Connor sneaks into Morland
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was late, now. Back at Connor's place, he was holding boxing pads as Chloe struck them. She seemed distracted.
			"Hey, you okay?" he asked.
			"Huh? Yeah... Yeah, I'm..." she said, lost in thought.
			"You sure? Is there something on your mind?"
			"I just..." she sighed, and sat down. Connor sat with her.
			"I just... I need to tell you something. I, um... Something happened earlier." she began, her voice hesitant. "I was working overtime at the lab... and I saw him again. The Werewolf."
			"You did? Are you okay?"
			"Yeah, I'm fine... I, um--I helped him." she admitted.
			"In what way?" he asked, smiling softly.
			"He, um... he was looking for information. About his powers, I guess. Anyway, I... I figured, he saved me, and... well, if he was investigating Morland, that just confirmed my suspicions that something was up. Anyway... we used my keycard to get further into the lab, and we found..." she paused, still in shock. Connor put a comforting hand on her shoulder. She smiled.
			"We found these... things. Clones. They grew them from the Werewolf's tissue. But they were... they were in agony. They were twisted." she shuddered at the memory. "The Werewolf could hear them, somehow. They begged us to kill them. So, we did."
			"I get it." Connor nodded. "You did the right thing... but, are you safe? What if someone finds out you helped him?"
			"Don't worry... he removed all evidence that I helped him. Sure, there'll be questions when they see the place, but no one will know it was me." she replied, smiling slightly.
			"Are you sure? He definitely removed all evidence?" he asked, to double-check his work.
			"Yes. I'm certain - I checked myself. There's no record of me ever going into that lab." she smiled. Connor nodded, and relaxed slightly.
			"Thank you for telling me this..." he smiled. It wasn't lost on him that she was being honest, while he was still lying.
			"No, thank you... I just needed to get that off my chest." she said. "Now... we came here to spar, didn't we?" she grinned.
			"Hah, that we did - I hope the Werewolf's sidekick won't kick my butt too hard." Connor quipped, causing her to chuckle.
			"Before we do, I just... I'd better take these out." she began, removing her hearing aids and glasses. She put some contact lenses in.
			"I can still hear, but things are muffled without them." she said, slightly louder than usual.
			Connor nodded. "And can you see?" he asked, enunciating as clearly as he can.
			"Yeah - I've got these soft contact lenses in. That way, my glasses won't break." she smiled. "Okay, let's dance."
			The two begin sparring. Connor walked her through the basic moves, like blocks, strikes, kicks, grapples.
			"Hey... I was thinking, the thing that got me wanting to learn how to fight was the time I got grabbed outside my work. Can you show me what to do if someone's holding me like that?"
			
			Connor smiled, and grabbed a small wooden prop, which he used to represent a weapon. He got into position, weapon at her throat. For a second, she thought of the assault at her work... and then, of the Werewolf's acting. She banished both thoughts.
			"Okay, so - never do this unless you're certain they'll hurt or kill you if you don't." he explained. "Now, you want to get the weapon as far away from you as possible."
			Chloe yanked Connor's arm, but it didn't budge.
			"Nice try, but that's the wrong place to grab. Try grabbing the wrist instead - you can control that more."
			She did so, and his arm moved.
			"Okay, now you want to move - make sure that the weapon is facing away from you."
			She shifted in place, pushing his arm upwards.
			"Very good!" he said, smiling. "Now, my chest is exposed. You want to..."
			Before he could finish, she put her leg behind his, and pushed him over, grabbing the prop in one swift motion.
			"There you go. That's how you do it." Connor beamed with pride.
			"Sensei." she bowed. Connor laughed and bowed back. The two resumed sparring.
			While training, they ended up locking themselves in a grapple, and they fell, landing on top of each other. They laughed.
			"Haha - twice now I got you." she giggled.
			"You're getting good!" he replied, genuinely proud. Knowing that she could defend herself put him at ease.
			They locked eyes, and held their gaze for a while. Connor broke the silence.
			"Can I kiss you now?" he asked. Chloe grinned and kissed him. They both melted into it.

			A couple hours had passed, and Chloe began getting tired.
			"Shall we call it there?" he asked.
			"Yeah - any more and I'll end up passing out." she grinned. "This is a good workout!"
			Connor chuckled. "I'm hoping, if this self defence class works out, that we'll reopen this place properly."
			Chloe smiled warmly. "I poked my head in a few times, during your class yesterday. I was subtle - didn't want Trey bodyslamming you again." she smirked. "You... you really seemed in your element. Teaching those kids... I'm proud of you."
			Connor looked down sheepishly. "Thank you... that means a lot."
			She pulled him in for a kiss.
			"I bet the others are waiting at the Horse." she said. "Shall we head out?"
			"Hah, sure thing." he smiled. They headed onwards.

			At the Singing Horse, Trey, Amy, Bea, and Shannon all sat at a bench in the beer garden.
			"Thanks again for inviting me out, guys!" Shannon began.
			"Not at all, hun!" Bea smiled warmly.
			"Ooh, we should invite her to the group chat!" Amy smiled.
			"She's already in the group chat." Trey tilted his head. "I added her earlier."
			"Not that one, the girl's chat--oops." Amy said, before covering her mouth.
			"Amy!" Bea laughed. "The boys aren't supposed to know we have a group chat!"
			"What?!" Trey gasped. "You guys have your own group chat?!"
			Bea laughed, adding Shannon into it on her phone. "Well, yeah. It's for girl talk, that's all."
			"What the hell, guys?!" Trey asked, faux-indignant. "This is a betrayal of the highest order."
			"Can you blame us?" Amy grinned. "*This* is the kind of shit you post in the main."
			She showed Trey's latest message, sent after a particularly messy night out - "i tgink im habing a stronk goodnijt felo soodiers"
			Trey hid his face, cackling.
			Connor and Chloe arrived.
			"Hey-hey!" Amy cheered, calling them over.
			"Hey guys!" Chloe smiled warmly.
			"Bro! Can you believe this shit?!" Trey smirked. "The girls have a group chat without us!"
			"Who told him?!" Chloe laughed. Amy guiltily raised her hand.
			"That's proper offensive, that." Connor grinned. "Trey's basically one of the girls, too."
			"Oh, stop it, you." Trey replied, playing camp. The gang laughed.
			Shannon chuckled, before looking down bashfully. "You guys are sure I'm allowed in the girl's chat?" she asked.
			"Of course! Why wouldn't you be?" Bea tilted her head.
			"Well, I'm... Not everyone would agree that I'm--" Shannon began. Amy raised her hand, having none of that.
			"I don't know many blokes named Shannon. You're a woman." she said, firmly and caringly. Shannon blushed, and smiled.
			"Do you guys have a secret handshake, too?" Connor asked the girls, his tone faux-accusing.
			"What?" Amy cocked her head.
			"Uh, no." Bea chuckled, confused.
			"Wait..." Chloe realised. "Do *you* guys have a secret handshake?"
			Trey and Connor both looked down bashfully, before performing it, to roars of laughter.
			"You know what?" Trey piped up. "We need a boy's group chat. Connor, let's make one."
			"Trey, our individual text conversation is the boy's group chat."
			"Shit, you're right - we're severely outnumbered."
			"Oi! 4 months ago, I was the only girl here!" Amy snapped.
			"We could add Amy. She's butch enough to count." Connor quipped
			"Fuckin' come here and say that!" she said faux-aggressively.
			Trey laughed heartily. "Nah, she's way too femme." he snarked. "We need some male friends, then. This group is... what's the opposite of a sausage fest?"
			"A clunge fest?" Amy grinned, eliciting roars of laughter.
			"Wow. She's so femme." Bea smirked cheekily.
			"You could spring Kay from prison?" Amy grinned.
			"We're desperate... but not *that* desperate." Connor laughed.
			"Did you guys see Kay when you were inside?" she tilted her head.
			"Nah, he's in solitary." Connor shrugged. "Vince said he knocked out 2 guards and had to be taken down with a tranq gun."
			"Mental. Well, fitting." Amy smirked.
			"We could always see if we can coax Rico back." Connor grinned.
			"Ah, Rico!" Trey and Amy both smiled.
			"Who's Rico?" Chloe asked.
			"Amy and Trey's first gay relationship." Connor said nonchalantly.
			Amy smiled fondly. "Rico was AFAB - assigned female at birth. So, back when he presented as female, he and I had a relationship - my first lesbian romance. When he came out as male, we called it off. It was like flicking a switch - as soon as he told me, I stopped finding him attractive. That's not to say I stopped loving him or liking him, but I'm only into women - and I learned he wasn't one. You know?"
			Shannon nodded. "I feel that. I'm still good friends with my ex, Nicola. We always joke about how her turning out to be lesbian should have been a sign for me."
			Trey giggled. "Anyway, after Rico came out and transitioned, he and I met. We kind of had a thing from there, until he moved out for uni."
			"Oh my christ, you're a chaser." Shannon laughed.
			Trey blushed. "No I'm not! I just... my heart doesn't discriminate."
			Cringes and merry laughs filled the air.

		date - sparring practice
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was a bitter, cold day in Drackhill. Rain pattered against the roof of a covert building in the east of Belson.
			Within, the Commandant had met with Gregory Morland. He was *not* happy.
			"YOU HAD YOUR CHANCE, YOU WORM!"
			"Commandant, sir... With respect, it was your decision to let the Werewolf escape captivity."
			"WHAT?!"
			Morland shrank into himself. "I... I only meant that the attack on our facility was a natural outcome of our overarching mission..."
			"You are skating on thin ice with me, Morland. Wafer thin. An entire shipment of serum, gone! The production facility, destroyed! Our plans in RUINS!"
			"Rest assured, Commandant, I will do everything I can to find out how he was able to access our lab... And I will restart production as soon as possible."
			"No. Now we do things my way." the Commandant growled. "We need the data from your labs."
			"I will have it sent over, Commandant. It will take a few days to avoid audits, but..."
			"ENOUGH! Take him away."
			Morland begged for mercy as the guards dragged him out. A Super-Agent stepped forward. His black veins pulsed with mutant strength.
			"Agent Banner." the Commandant nodded.
			"Your orders, Commandant?" he asked.
			"Go to the labs. Take what we need, and cause a scene. Take the scientists hostage. I think I know who did this... You will take the one known as Chloe Derrington, and bring her away. Let our wayward friend come running to us."
			"As you wish, Commandant. Hail Victory." Banner nodded.
			"Hail Victory." the Commandant nodded back.

			That evening, Chloe was working in the lab with Jones.
			"Mondays, eh?" she smirked.
			"Did you hear?" he began. "Apparently the Werewolf was here a last night. Trashed the labs downstairs."
			"Wow, really?" Chloe asked, trying to act surprised. "That's crazy, I was here yesterday. What did he break?"
			"No idea. You know what downstairs are like - need to know, etc."
			"Hah, you can say that again." Chloe chuckled. With that, an alarm went off.
			"Shit - fire? Okay, let's go." Jones said hurriedly. Chloe nodded and left with him. They headed to the main hallway, where other staff had gathered, only to hear a noise - gunshots.
			"Fuck! Hide!" Jones barked, only for armed men to pour in.
			"NOBODY FUCKING MOVE!" the men roared. Banner approached. His eyes were even more blackveined than the average Super-Agent - a sign that this one had been twisted far beyond the norm.
			"Now, who here goes by the name Chloe Derrington?" he asked. No one answered.
			"No? Okay. Number 5, shoot that man there." he said. The other Agent readied his gun.
			"WAIT!" Chloe interrupted. "It's me. I'm Chloe Derrington."
			"Ah! Lovely to meet you at last. You're coming with me. The rest of you, my men will look after you." he grinned. His soldiers grabbed the other scientists and forced them to their knees. He dragged Chloe with him, heading up a flight of stairs.
			"Wh-where are you taking me?" she asked, trembling. She tried to steady her breath.
			"To the future, Crippled One." he laughed cruelly.

			At the same time, Connor was sat in the repair shop basement with the rest of the squad. He was on his laptop reviewing some files.
			"Oh, shit!" Shannon gasped.
			"What's up?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Reports just came in - there's an attack going on in Morland."
			"WHAT?!" Connor gasped.
			"Let's go." Sparky barked firmly.
			"Agreed." Amy nodded, rushing to her suit.
			"Amy... this'll be dangerous." Connor warned.
			"I don't care. If Chloe's in danger, I'm going." she snapped, drawing the Vibroblade.
			"That's not what I meant." he sighed. "There's a better way you can help?"
			"How?"
			Shannon approached, carrying a large, boxy device - it looked like a bulky handgun.
			"I call it the Pulsar." she explained. "We got the schematics off of a hack on Eidolon's servers. Anyway - it hooks up to your suit's battery. You can stun people at short range with it, softening them up for the others."
			She took it gingerly. Then her brows creased, and she nodded firmly.
			"You'd best get going." Shannon said. "Ivan's out of town at the moment - and Olivia's not on shift tonight. It's just you guys."
			"Let's do this." Sparky growled lowly.
			Amy finished suiting up, and hopped onto her motorbike.
			"I'll race you." she quipped, putting on her helm.
			Connor would normally snark back. Instead he nodded, and morphed his glider.

			As they moved, Connor felt his phone ring.
			"Connor! Look at the news!" Trey began.
			"I know! I'm on my way!"
			"Good man. Look, don't worry about your secret, okay? Just get there, and save Chloe."
			Connor paused for a split second. "I will." he vowed, and hung up. It rang again.
			"Connor! Chloe's in trouble!" Bea cried.
			"I'm heading there now!"
			"I'm stuck in traffic - they've blocked off Belson completely!"
			"I'm running there now - don't worry, Bea."
			"But what will you do?" she asked, shaking.
			"I don't know. But I'll do whatever I can."
			He hung up. Another phone call.
			"For fuck's sake..." he muttered before answering. "Hello?"
			"Bratan - big news."
			"Oh, hey Ivan - let me guess..."
			"Yes - Morland's under siege. Get there now. I'm in London at the moment - long story. I'll see you soon, tovarishch."
			Finally, Connor arrived. He felt his phone ringing, and looked at the scene - the entrance to the labs. DCI Naismith was there, ringing him. Upon spotting him, he hung up. Connor approached.
			"Werewolf." Naismith nodded. The armed officers in TO-24 aimed their guns at him.
			"Hold your fire!" he barked.
			"Sir?" DC Moffat asked. "But sir, he's... the Werewolf."
			"DC Moffat, stand down." Naismith replied. She hesitated, but put her gun down. Amy pulled up in her bike behind them.
			"Listen to me." Connor growled. "Inside that building are monsters beyond your capabilities. You go in there, it's a bloodbath - for everyone except the ones who need killing. Let me get in, I'll kill the Super-Agents, and you can rescue the humans."
			Naismith nodded. "10 minutes. After that, we're going in."
			"Got it." Connor replied, and headed inside.

			Upon entering, he saw the bodies of security guards who'd been shot. This wasn't America - security guards were unarmed. The Agents just wanted to kill someone. The heroes climbed the stairs.
			"Let's get these bastards." Sparky growled, his tail wafting in the air.
			The pair burst into a squad of Super-Agents. The Agents opened fire, but the heroes were on them in an instant.
			The fight was brutal. Connor ripped a knife from one Agent and used it to slit the man's throat before turning on another. Sparky tore through two more in one swipe.
			Amy charged forward, the bullets pinging and ricocheting off of her suit. She ripped out the Pulsar, and fired.
			Immediately, she felt it charge up. A ball of superpressurised air formed at the edge of the barrel, which shot forward. It slammed into the Agent, and he convulsed violently, before Sparky ripped off his head.
			Connor grabbed a grenade from a fallen Agent's belt, stuffing it into the man's mouth and kicking him into another, killing them both.
			Finally, a swipe from the Vibroblade opened a sucking hole on the last Agent's chest. Connor's punch went right through.
			With the carnage over, Connor dug a bullet from his hide, his breath ragged.
			"Sparky. Go downstairs. Kill them, and secure the labs. I'll go to the hostages." Connor ordered.
			Sparky barked in acknowledgment, running off to carry out his task.
			"Stunlocke - you okay?"
			She looked up. "Y-yeah."
			He gently approached. "Do you need to pull out?"
			"No. I need to kill these bastards."
			"Me too."
			They continued upward, finding the hostages knelt down in the hallway. As they stepped in, a Super-Agent revealed himself.
			"STOP RIGHT THERE!" he barked.
			Connor rushed past him, slamming into a soldier and spraying his guts on the ground.
			Amy's Pulsar stunned one, but a shotgun blast knocked her to the side. Connor sent his fist through the shooter, then his claw through another.
			One Agent got a lucky shot, and the bullet slammed into the side of Connor's head, sending him stumbling. A crossbow morphed from his wrist and he shot his attacker dead. He shook his head to clear the fog.
			"My god... you..." one of the scientists began.
			"Stay here. Are there any more hostages?" he asked, his voice trembling.
			"TRAITOR!" a voice screamed over the intercom - Banner's voice. "LISTEN AND OBEY!"
			At those words, Connor shuddered.
			"COME TO THE ROOFTOP. WE HAVE YOUR ACCOMPLICE." the voice boomed. "COME ALONE, OR SHE DIES."
			Connor's hearts stopped. He froze in place.
			A voice came over the intercom again. "Don't worry about me! Just save the people down below!" Chloe shouted. Her voice was interrupted by a thud and a yelp of pain.
			"HAH! SO NOBLE... NOW COME, OR SHE DIES!" the voice screamed again.
			Connor heard a ringing in his ears. Time slowed to a crawl. Hot blood poured from his nose. He shook his head.
			"I'm coming, Chloe." he whispered.

		Siege of Morland - Part 1

	Getting Closer
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor ascended the stairs, taking a moment to un-morph his mask and wipe his nose. The bullet to the head didn't crack his skull, but it still hurt.
			"Stunlocke - escort the hostages out of the reception. I'm going up." he said over the radio.
			"Copy that. I'll rejoin Predator once I'm done." she audibly nodded.
			"Vanguard - this is Whiplash. I took to the sky as soon as I heard the news."
			"You're a voice for sore ears." Connor smiled. "What's your status?"
			"I'm gliding over the roof. There's an Agent holding a girl at gunpoint. Want me to intervene?"
			"No - he'll kill her if anyone other than me shows up. Maintain aerial obs, but do not engage."
			"Copy that."
			He took a deep breath, re-morphed his mask, and headed up to the rooftop. There, he saw Banner, clad in armour, pointing his gun at Chloe.
			"Ah! Welcome back, Traitor!" he laughed.
			Connor responded by morphing a crossbow on his wrist, and aimed it directly at Banner's head. It was a message - if you hurt her, you will have half a second to regret it.
			"+*LET. HER. GO.*+" he roared, his voice slamming into Banner's chest like a sonic weapon.
			Chloe thought to herself - if that voice ordered her to jump from that rooftop, she would. She shook her head, glad that the voice was directed at Banner instead.
			Banner sneered, clearly rattled but not broken. He straightened, and chuckled darkly. "Hah... Nice try."
			He holstered his weapon with a deliberate slowness, as if dismissing Connor's power. "You think you can intimidate me with your little tricks? Come then, Traitor - show me Paladin's wrath!"
			Connor's eyes glowed a deep, furious red, the power of the Rage flooding his veins. His muscles tightened, rippling with supernatural strength. His voice boomed again, louder this time, shaking the very air around them. "+*PALADIN GAVE ME MY _STRENGTH_*+" he roared. The ground beneath them seemed to tremble as the force of his words resonated. "+*THE WRATH... IS _MINE ALONE_!*+"
			With a primal roar, he charged. He threw a punch with such force that the air seemed to crack around it - aided, no doubt, by Olivia's power from above. Banner barely managed to block, but the impact sent him sliding back. Connor pressed the attack, launching another punch, then a devastating uppercut that could take a human's head off. Each swing felt like it could tear through steel, each blow a promise of death.
			Chloe looked on, horrified and transfixed by the scene. But only one thought was in her mind.
			In his rage, Connor didn't bother to hide his voice. Sure, he may have been shouting with a supernatural growl, but still...
			"That voice..." she whispered, trembling - not wanting to realise the implications.
			Banner was no amateur. He was fast, and brutal. He counterattacked with a kick so vicious it seemed to explode from his body.
			The impact landed directly in Connor's chest, and a sickening crunch filled the air. The force knocked him back, and he stumbled, gasping for air. Blood dripped from his mouth.
			Chloe, her heart pounding, saw an opportunity. She tried to run, but in a split second, Banner's hand whipped out, throwing a knife with deadly precision. It sailed through the air towards her. Time seemed to slow as she twisted, barely avoiding the blade. It was a sign to stay put.
			Connor's Rage flared. His fists, still trembling from the blow, morphed out a blade. With a guttural roar, he lunged, stabbing Banner in the thigh. The blade sank deep, but Banner grinned through the pain. He grabbed the blade and twisted it free. Without hesitation, he plunged it into Connor's abdomen.
			The agony was unbearable - Connor could feel the blade scrape against his ribs, tearing through muscle and flesh. Blood poured from the wound, but his resolve only hardened.
			Undaunted, he gritted his teeth, his fingers tightening around Banner's blade. With a feral snarl, he shifted, forcing himself forward along the blade. The two warriors were locked in a brutal embrace, each one trying to kill the other. Connor morphed claws on his hands, slashing wildly. Banner screamed as the blades cut across his face, sending a spray of blood into the air. He staggered back, but Connor followed, relentless.
			He gripped the blade from his chest. He had to finish this. He had to save Chloe. His constant humming migraine faded for a moment - even his flesh wanted this man dead.
			He pulled the blade from his chest, as Banner jumped on his back. He ran himself through, impaling both.
			For a moment, there was silence, save for the ragged breaths of two men on the verge of death. Blood pooled around them, dark and thick.
			They both fell away from each other, and struggled to stand up, blood pouring from their chests and mouths. Connor planted the blade in the ground, and used it to help him stand.
			Chloe rushed to him, her eyes wide with horror and relief. She helped him to his feet, but just as they thought they had a moment of calm, Banner drew his gun again, aiming it directly at her head. 
			"Ah, ah, ah!" Banner laughed. He motioned for Chloe to step away, and she reluctantly did so. Connor growled, like a true Werewolf.
			Banner approached and grabbed her, holding the gun to her head.
			"Nice try. But the heart always was your weakness, traitor." he laughed. "On your knees."
			Connor sank down. 
			"Now..." Banner smirked. "Take off your mask."
			Connor shuddered. Chloe gulped.
			"No... Don't... It... it can't be..." she stammered, knowing deep down what she'd see. "I don't want to know." she whispered. "Don't be Connor... Don't be Connor..."
			"Oh, but it is. Come on, traitor. Listen and Obey." Banner grinned.
			Connor slowly raised his hands, and pulled down his mask. The colour drained from Chloe's face as she saw him.
			"...Connor?" she asked, choking back tears.
			"I... I'm sorry..." he admitted, unable to look her in the eyes.
			"See him! See how he lies! The wayward son of our master. Misbegotten. A failure. You were meant to be one of us, Connor! A perfect specimen. How dare you betray your own kind!" Banner laughed.
			With that, Chloe sprang into action. Remembering Connor's training, she grabbed Banner's wrist, launched his arm into the air, and shoved. His grip was too tight for him to let go of the gun, but he stumbled, towards the edge of the roof.
			"Filthy cripple!" he roared, aiming his gun at her.
			"NO!" Connor bellowed, launching himself.
			Banner pulled the trigger just a second before Connor slammed into his torso. Both men careened off the edge. The bullet veered off course, skimming past her face. Olivia tried her hardest to catch Connor, too.
			Chloe froze for a moment. As the two fell, Banner shot at Connor in the air. She ran to the edge, and saw them hit the ground together. A thud... a sickening thud. She fell to her knees.
			"Connor... CONNOR!" she screamed.
			She ran down the stairs, as fast as her legs could take her.
			She heard gunshots - the police had swarmed the building now, to rescue the hostages. She'd have to be quick...
			She darted past them, and found her way to the alleyway Connor landed. The same alleyway he and Sparky saved her from all those months ago. There, she saw Banner - or what was left of him. He landed right on his head, and a pile of red mush was all that remained above his neck.
			But Connor... Connor landed back-first on a dumpster. He was bent backwards in a sickening, unnatural way - his back was snapped clean in half. Chloe fell down to her knees again.
			"No... NO!" she sobbed. She pulled his body from the dumpster, laying him down flat. He didn't breathe.
			"Connor... Connor, wake up. Come on, wake up. Please wake up... Hey, remember this alleyway? You saved me here, and you just saved me again. Come on... Come on, get up! That's an order!" she pleaded. She slammed his chest with her fist, causing a cracking noise from his spine.
			"Come on, get up... Hey, if you get up, I'll... I'll forgive you, okay? I won't be mad, not even a little. Just... please wake up. You've survived so much, you can survive this! Please!" she sobbed. "Please..." she begged, as she hit his chest again. Another cracking noise. With that...
			"GAAGGH!" Connor gasped, his eyes shooting open.
			"Connor?!" she looked up.
			"Agh... AAAGH!" he screamed in agony. He rolled onto his front and clutched his back.
			"Connor... Connor, what... What do I do?" she asked, tears streaming down her cheek.
			"Agh... Ah... I... Help..." he spluttered out, trying to stand. Chloe helped him up. He shouted in pain as he rose, but found his footing.
			"Connor, you... You're alive..." she whispered, in shock.
			With that, the police exited the building. "Area secure, sir!" Nina barked. "All hostages save one have been located. Captive hostile has been subdued."
			"I..." Chloe began. "You'd better go. If they find you..."
			"Chloe, I..." Connor started, but she raised her hand, silencing him.
			"We'll talk about this later, okay? I... I'll see you later." she said, and hugged him. Though his back was in agony, he hugged her too.
			"The cops will wanna question you." he choked. "When they're done, get them to drop you off at the repair shop. I'll explain everything, I promise."
			She nodded hesitantly, and he hobbled off into the distance.

		Siege of Morland - Part 2
		______________________________
		SCENE
			An hour later, Chloe was in the police interview room. Nina was sat with her.
			"They shouldn't be much longer... Can I get you a drink or anything?" she asked.
			"Um... Just water, please." Chloe said, still in shock. Nina nodded, and fetched a glass of water. With that, DC Moffat and DCI Naismith entered.
			"Sorry about the delay." Naismith began. "Can I get you anything before we begin, Chloe?"
			"No thank you... I, um, I have water."
			Naismith nodded, and pressed the recording button on the tape. "TO-24 Interview of Miss Chloe Derrington, by DCI Henry Naismith, DC Cheryl Moffat, and PS Nina Chowdhury. Please state your names for the tape."
			"DC Moffat."
			"PS Chowdhury."
			"Chloe Derrington."
			"DCI Naismith. Now, Chloe, before we get started, I want to make it clear that you are being interviewed as a witness, not a suspect in any criminal matter. You are not under caution, nor in any trouble. You can say 'no comment' to any of my questions, and we can stop the interview at any time. Is that all clear?" he asked.
			"Yes." Chloe nodded, looking into the distance.
			"Excellent. Now, it would help us if you could give us a rough timeline of events." he smiled. "Take your time."
			"Okay... Um, so, I was working in the lab with Jones--uh, that is, Mr. Peter Jones. We heard the alarm go off... I want to say around 7:30? Anyway, we went into the hallway where the other scientists had gathered, when we heard the gunshots..." Chloe shuddered. "Then, they came barging in, and one of them, he was wearing armour. He threatened to shoot people if I didn't go with him, so I went along with him."
			"That was very brave of you." Nina said, smiling warmly at her.
			"And when you went with him, he took you to the rooftop, and held you at gunpoint - is that correct?" Naismith asked.
			"Yes, that's correct." Chloe nodded.
			"Right..." Naismith searched through his documents. "According to witness testimony, when the Werewolf entered the building, your captor took control of the intercom, and demanded that he come and face him. Is that correct?"
			"Yeah, that's right. He, um..." Chloe paused, not wanting to reveal Connor's - or her - involvement. "He told the Werewolf that he'd kill me unless he came there immediately, and alone."
			"Right... And when he came up, what happened?"
			"They fought. It was... At one point, the Werewolf drew a blade, and stabbed the man with it. The man just took the blade and ran him through. Then, the Werewolf slashed his face, and..." she shuddered at the memory.
			"You're doing very well, Chloe." Moffat smiled. Chloe nodded.
			"They ended up in a scuffle. The man was jumped on the Werewolf's back. So he... He basically committed Seppuku."
			"He impaled himself, and the other man?" Naismith asked.
			"Yes." she said, closing her eyes for a moment.
			Naismith's face softened for a moment. "You've been through a lot, Chloe. I know this isn't easy, but you're doing great."
			"And what happened after that?" Moffat asked.
			"He, um... I helped the Werewolf back up to his feet. He was injured, and, well, he was saving me, so..." Chloe looked away.
			"No one's going to question your decision there." Naismith smiled.
			Chloe nodded, and continued. "The man... he drew his gun again, and grabbed me. Held me at gunpoint again. I think he knew he was losing, so he wanted an out."
			"And what happened next?"
			Chloe's mind flashed - Connor's face under the mask. She banished the thought - she *could not* tell them.
			"I... I tried to disarm him. My boyfriend, he... he teaches me martial arts. I grabbed the man's wrist, and pushed him back. But he was too strong - he held on to the gun. He aimed at me, and as he fired, the Werewolf pushed him off the rooftop... they both fell."
			"Is that where you got the injury on your face from?" Naismith asked, pointing to the cut on her cheek.
			"Yeah... the bullet just missed me. I think it grazed my cheek." she nodded, touching the cut, and running her finger over her older scar beneath.
			"So, after that... We found you in the alleyway, next to the Agent's body." Moffat began.
			"Yes, I... I ran down the stairs to see what had happened. I... I wasn't thinking straight." Chloe replied.
			"Well, he had saved your life. It's only natural to want to check on him." Nina added, smiling sympathetically.
			Chloe cleared her throat. "I made it to the alleyway, and found both bodies. The Werewolf - his back was snapped. He was... slumped over backwards..."
			"But his body was missing - did he survive?" Naismith asked, eager for information.
			"He, um... I pulled his body down and laid it flat. I... I just planned to give CPR. But he got up, and..." her mind flashed to Connor's agony again.
			"He was in pain. So, I helped him up, and then he left. I... I didn't see where he went." she finished.
			"That all checks out..." Naismith said, reviewing his notes. "Well, Chloe - you're free to go. We'll contact you if we need anything. Morland will be closed for the time being - I'm sure your boss will let you know once we've cleared out."
			"Thank you..." Chloe said, still unsure.
			"Interview terminated at 22:28." Moffat nodded, switching off the recorder.
			"Chloe, do you need a lift home?" Nina asked.
			"I, um... yes please." Chloe replied.
			With that, Nina took Chloe to her car.
			"Where to?"
			"Riverside Repairs, Redbridge." she answered.

		Siege aftermath
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Nina's car pulled up outside the repair shop. Chloe took a deep breath.
			Nina smiled. She walked with Chloe to the front door, and knocked. Connor answered.
			"Hi, Connor - I've got someone here who'd like to see you."
			With that, Chloe ran to him and hugged him tightly. Connor winced - his back still hurt - but returned the embrace.
			"I just wanted to say, thank you again for helping Yaz and Jack. They're both staying with me now. Hah, Jack keeps going on about the 'big doggie'!" Nina smiled.
			Connor nodded. "I'm just glad they're not in any danger anymore."
			Sparky came up to the door.
			"Hi Chloe!" he smiled. Chloe leant down and stroked his ears.
			With that, Nina left, and Chloe entered the shop.
			"So, um..." he began. "Uh... tea, coffee?"
			Chloe looked at him, and blinked. "Start talking." she said, curtly.
			"Right..." Connor nodded, sitting down. "Where do you want me to begin?"
			"The truth, would be nice." Chloe replied, folding her arms. Sparky jumped up next to her, and curled onto her lap.
			"Hah... At least you're normal..." she said. Connor cringed slightly.
			"Um... Sparky can talk."
			Chloe looked at Connor in shock. "Don't make fun of me, Connor."
			"I'm not. I, uh... prove it, buddy."
			"...hi, Chloe." he sheepishly whispered.
			Her head felt light. "You've gotta be fucking kidding me."
			"Sparky, um... can you give us a little space?" Connor began. "I think this might be... well, a lot to take in."
			"Okay, sure." he nodded, before trotting downstairs.
			"I..." Chloe looked at him, her face pale. "What are you?"
			"I don't know. I want to find out."
			"Are you from space?" she asked, still shocked.
			"No. I was born here, moved to Derry as a baby, and moved back here at 7. Everything I've told you about my life is true. My sister is still Amy, and my uncle is still Vince. I still met Trey when I was 15, and I still... I still met you. That's all true."
			"When we met... You weren't asking about healing powers just for the fun of it, were you?" she asked.
			"No. I... I'd just got these powers, and I wanted to figure out how they worked."
			"When did you get them? And how?"
			"I was abducted, about a week and a half before we met. They... shot me. And then they must have brought me back. My guess is, they injected me with as much serum as they could. Maybe they wanted to see how much they could give someone without killing them. Anyway, they got more than they bargained for. I am to them what they are to humans."
			"So the whole time I've known you, you've had this... this double life?" she asked.
			"I--yes." he nodded, ashamed.
			"Was any of it real?"
			"W-what do you mean?" he asked.
			"When I was jumped outside my work. Was that all part of the lie?"
			"No, god no!" he shook his head. "I mean, yes, I lied when I said I was nearby - I sprinted over rooftops to get to you - but I didn't set that up. I would never!"
			"How many people have you killed?"
			"Chloe..." Connor began, uncomfortable.
			"Tell me. How many." she asked, firmly.
			"158." he finally admitted.
			Chloe gasped. "And why did you kill them?" she finally said.
			"The Super-Agents, because there's no safe way to let them live. The humans... most of them were collateral damage. I was lost in the Rage, and they were attacking me - it was instinct. There are 3 normal humans I killed of my own free will." Connor explained, studying her reaction. "Omar Hattab - a Algerian general plotting a war. Alan Hughes - a perv who sold kids. And Vadim Zamaldayev - a Chechen warlord."
			At the final mention, she looked surprised. "You killed Zamaldayev?"
			"You know about him?"
			"Yeah, he... Sveta was injured fighting against his group. She told me stories about him..." Chloe trailed off, deep in thought. For all her fears and rage, killing Zamaldayev was justified.
			"Do you remember how last Wednesday, you wanted to meet up, but I said I was busy? I was in Chechnya at the time." he explained. "I got pretty badly hurt - lost my arm and half my gut. I was still aching on the open day, but I'd mostly healed up by that point."
			Chloe's stomach twisted. "How do you live with that?"
			"It wasn't easy. I looked fine, but the damage was mainly internal."
			"No, I mean..." she shook her head. "How do you cope with 158 kills?"
			Connor rubbed his temples, as if the weight of it all was physically pressing on him.
			"I didn't want to kill them. But when you're forced into a corner, when they give you no choice... it's not always as clear-cut as we want it to be."
			"Who else knows?" she asked. "Who else knew my boyfriend was a superhero before me?"
			"...my team."
			"Team?!"
			He sighed, and beckoned her to follow downstairs.
			There, Shannon was sat at her desktop. Amy had just finished changing out of her powersuit, and Sparky curled up next to her.
			"Hey, Chloe..." Shannon said awkwardly. "Um... welcome to the safehouse."
			Chloe looked around. It still didn't quite feel real.
			"I'm sorry..." Connor began, but his phone rang. He checked it, and it was Naismith.
			"It's Naismith - the detective on my case. I'd better take this."
			"Fine." Chloe nodded. He answered.
			"Werewolf! There's men here - just like the men at the labs. They're slaughtering us - I think they're after a prisoner we took. Please, help us!" he screamed.
			Connor's face turned pale. "I'm on my way." he growled. "The police station..." he turned to her.
			"Go - go save people." she nodded. "Our issues can wait - people need you."
			"Sparky - stay here. If any of these bastards come for Chloe, you know what to do."
			"Rip them apart." Sparky growled.
			Connor morphed his costume and went out.

			Chloe took a look at some of their gadgets, and sighed.
			"So... if you have any questions, feel free to ask." Amy began unsurely.
			"I have a *shitload* of questions." Chloe sighed.
			"...um, this might be the definition of bad timing, but you should probably know I'm a superhero too." she gulped, before showing her Stunlocke suit.
			Chloe looked up, slightly awed, before chuckling mirthlessly.
			"Is Trey a superhero and all?"
			"*That* fucking loser?" Amy snarked.
			Chloe turned to face her, then laughed. And laughed some more. Finally, she sat down.
			"Trey does know, by the way." Shannon noted. "He offered to swing by, but I figured it would be better if we kept things quiet round here."
			Chloe sat there, with Sparky. She turned and faced him.
			"Um... what's wrong?" she asked hesitantly.
			"I..." Sparky began, his ears drooping. "I was so excited for this moment. I thought it would be the best day ever when me and you could have a proper conversation. But instead, I make you uncomfortable."
			"Hey... it's not--not that." she shook her head. "It's just... a lot to take in. I... I'm glad you can talk, I really am."
			"He's not always been able to talk, I should note." Amy added. "There was some... psychic thingy. It's a new development."
			"I could still talk to Connor." Sparky explained. "Me and him have the same powers - and somehow, that makes me smarter than a normal wolf. And also meant we could communicate. I think Olivia called it 'Esper' or something - I don't really understand."
			"This... is a lot to process." Chloe shrugged.
			"Please don't be mad at Connor. Yes, he made a mistake - but we were trying to protect you." Sparky smiled.
			She paused, and looked at him. "So... that confession I made to you in the woods, about how I feel about Connor... you understood every word?"
			"Yes. Don't worry, I didn't tell him."
			"Hah... good boy." she whispered incredulously. She hugged him tight.
			"I'll drop you and Sparky off at Connor's." Amy began. "After that, I'd better head back out. If the police station's being attacked - again - then the city's gonna need us out on patrol. Sparky, you stay with her."
			"Got it." he nodded.
			"Whiplash just called in - she's on her glider at the moment." Shannon reported. "I've got her covering the whole city in a wide sweep, so we could use you running bike patrols in Belson."
			"Copy that." Amy smiled. Chloe took a deep breath, and rose.

		Telling the Truth
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Bullets flew overhead, ricocheting off the walls and the metal framework of the station as TO-24 took cover behind a crumbling pillar. 
			The air filled with the deafening sounds of gunfire.
			"ALL UNITS! SECURITY STATUS ZERO! TERRORIST ATTACK IN PROGRESS!" Naismith barked over the radio, his voice strained with urgency.
			He gripped his side as a stray bullet suddenly found its mark. It struck his leg, and he stumbled, falling to the ground with a grunt of pain.
			"SIR!" Nina roared, rushing to his aid. She narrowly avoided being shot herself, diving behind a makeshift barricade just in time.
			She crouched beside him, her breath ragged. "You're hit!"
			Naismith grimaced but waved her off. "Nina..." he grunted, his face pale. "Get the civilians out of here. I'll hold them off."
			"No, sir!" Nina replied firmly. "I'm not leaving you! None of us are!"
			The rest of the team echoed her sentiment, their voices a chorus of resolve. But before any more words could be exchanged, the gunfire stopped, leaving only the tense silence of anticipation.
			From the shadows ahead, a low chuckle broke the stillness. "Well, well, well..." The gunmen's leader stepped into view, his face a mask of cruel amusement. "Look who it is. The boy's playing soldier. Today must be my lucky day - two traitors in one place."
			And then Connor emerged, stepping forward from the darkness, his figure imposing even as he limped slightly. His eyes, glowing a fierce red, locked onto the leader.
			"Get away from these people. Now." he snarled.
			The leader smirked, looking him up and down. "Hah! Look at you - you can barely stand! You're crippled! How will you hope to stop us?"
			Connor gripped his back, chuckling through the pain. "Think about how mad your precious Commandant will be when he learns his goons were pasted across the walls by a cripple who could barely stand."
			The leader's face turned sour, his eyes narrowing in rage. "Do not speak of our master in such ways."
			"Hah! 'Master'? I know fascists are bootlicking scum, but seriously?"
			The leader's patience snapped. "ENOUGH!" he barked, his voice sharp. "You're just another pawn in a game that's far bigger than you can comprehend. My master will see you burn, and nothing will stop it."
			He paused, catching his breath before his lips curled into a sadistic smile. "Let's play a game, traitor. My men and I will unload our rifles into your body. If you try and dodge, we'll turn and kill every human here. If you manage to survive, we'll have a good melee instead."
			Connor's mind raced. His body was still battered, and the wounds from the fight were still fresh. He was in no condition to take on more. But he knew what was at stake - people would die if he didn't.
			He steeled himself, the anger rising within him like a tide. "Fine. I'm all yours."
			He stretched his arms out, inviting the storm of bullets to come.
			"READY!" the leader barked. The gunmen lined up. "AIM!"
			The air was thick with tension. Connor held his breath, and forced his costume to harden as much as it could.
			"FIRE!"
			The command shattered the silence. A barrage of bullets ripped through the air, tearing into his body.
			The pain was overwhelming. He tried to stay still, to endure it, but the sheer volume of gunfire was too much.
			His legs gave way, and he collapsed to the ground, blood pouring from his torso.
			The leader turned away, and addressed his men. "Now. Kill them, and find the prisoner. The Commandant will want to deal with his failure personally--"
			But then, a wheezing sound broke through. He froze. Slowly, he turned around, disbelief flooding his face as he saw Connor rising to his feet. Blood still poured from his wounds, but the fire in his eyes was unmistakable - Connor was alive.
			"Traitor..." the leader growled, his voice filled with venom. "You are making an annoying habit out of not dying when you are meant to."
			Connor staggered, his legs trembling as his blood-soaked body fought to stay upright. Every breath felt like fire, but he forced himself forward.
			"That's me. Bad penny, I am." he chuckled darkly, his lips curling into a twisted grin. He morphed blades from his wrists, their jagged edges gleaming in the dim light. "Melee time, pig."
			The leader's grin widened, dark and hungry. "KILL HIM!" he screamed.
			The gunmen charged forward, their knives drawn, eager to finish the job. Connor met them head-on, his movements swift and brutal. The first man was beheaded in a single clean swipe. The second's gut was torn open, his insides spilling out onto the floor. The third fell to Connor's blade, his throat slit in one fluid motion. The remaining gunmen hesitated, fear creeping into their eyes as Connor slaughtered them one by one, his body a blur of motion.
			But then, the leader approached, a twisted smile playing on his lips as he drew his gun. "Goodbye, traitor." he snarled, aiming directly at Connor's head.
			But just as he was about to pull the trigger, a shout echoed across the station.
			"NO!" Naismith, bloodied and struggling to stand, rushed forward, his hand shaking as he drew his own weapon. He fired.
			Bang. The bullet hit the leader square in the eye, the force of the shot knocking him back.
			The leader howled in pain, stumbling as he pulled out his blade, enraged. With a swift motion, he lunged at Naismith, driving the knife deep into his chest. He raised him by the blade, his eyes blazing with fury. "Insolent wretch!" he growled.
			With a snarl, Connor grabbed the leader by the shoulder, impaling him through the back. The leader screamed in agony, dropping Naismith as the blade sank deeper.
			Connor didn't hesitate. He pulled the blade free, slashing the leader's throat with a savage swipe. The leader gasped, choking on his own blood, but before he could react, Connor delivered an uppercut, impaling the leader's head through the jaw. The force of the blow was enough to lift him off his feet.
			With a savage yank, Connor ripped the leader's head off in one fluid motion. The body stood for a second, twitching as it reached for its missing head, before falling lifelessly to the floor. The head made a sickening splat as it hit the ground.
			Connor stood over the body, breathing heavily, his eyes still burning with fury. He clutched his back - it wasn't even half healed.
			"How much more can I take..." he muttered, spitting out blood and bile.
			"SIR!" Nina barked, running over to a bleeding-out Naismith. Connor joined her.
			Naismith was in a bad way. He could barely breathe, blood poured from his mouth... this was serious.
			"Hey, come on, Detective... come on, you've still got a few more times to show up and annoy me before you go." Connor said, worriedly. Naismith chuckled through the sputtering. Connor looked up, and recognised FI Rogerson.
			"YOU!" he barked. "The serum they use - what is in it?"
			"Um, I..." Rogerson stuttered.
			"SPIT IT OUT!"
			"Umm, blood! Your blood!" he replied.
			"Yeah, I know - what else?"
			"Uh, just preservatives!"
			"So my fresh blood... that's what we need." Connor mused.
			"What are you doing?!" DC Moffat asked, shocked.
			"Something really, *really* stupid. Thank me later." Connor replied. He looked at his hand, and morphed an object - some kind of injector - and had it embed itself in his skin.
			"I'm sorry, Detective." he whispered, and stabbed. Naismith howled in agony, his eyes went bloodshot, and he turned limp - but he was breathing.
			"WHAT THE HELL DID YOU JUST DO?!" PC Lloyd screamed.
			"Saved him. Get him to the hospital. And... watch him. See what happens." Connor replied. He hobbled out of the station, blood still following his trail. He escaped into the night.

			In a dimly-lit office, the Commandant was smoking a cigar. A knock at the door.
			"Enter." he growled.
			A Super-Agent timidly entered.
			"Sir?" he began. "I, um--I have some bad news."
			"What now?!"
			"Well, sir, apologies, but--"
			The Commandant made a 'zip-it' motion with his hands.
			"Why are you scared?" he asked, faux-affably. "Is it *your* fuck-up?"
			"No, sir." the Agent replied quickly.
			"Then you have nothing to fear. I am not so unreasonable as to kill a subordinate for telling me what I need to hear." he grinned, gesturing to the chair in front of him.
			The Agent cautiously took the chair. The Commandant rose.
			"Sir, I'm afraid the squad we sent to secure the Morland data were all killed. The Traitor was badly injured, but survived. Miss Derrington is still at large, too. Surveilance indicates that she's staying at the Traitor's residence, with subject 6 acting as her bodyguard."
			The Commandant nodded. "And what of the kill-team sent after the coward?"
			"The Coward used his cyanide capsule once he heard the kill-team's assault, but..." the Agent hesitated, "the Traitor killed them all, as well."
			"Despite his injuries?" 
			"Yes, sir. I... I wish that was the only bad news I had, sir. We have disovered that Morland had been selling Serum behind our backs."
			"WHAT?!"
			"I--Apologies, sir. We only found this out moments ago. It would appear that several groups - criminal gangs, terrorist cells, warlord militias - anyone who can afford to pay Morland - have started fielding Enhanced."
			"Did he sell them the means to create more serum?" the Commandant snarled.
			"We--We haven't been able to find any, sir. But... the number of Enhanced is significantly higher than the amount of missing Serum would permit - so, it stands to reason that he did." the Agent gulped.
			The Commandant took a deep breath. He placed his hand on the back of the Agent's neck, and sighed.
			"You know... maybe I acted too rashly with Morland. If I hadn't killed him, I could have interrogated him. Found out what he did. How much he sold."
			He looked into the distance.
			"I don't regret killing him, of course. But... well, do you think I'm a little too quick to kill people?"
			No answer.
			"Agent?" the Commandant asked.
			He looked down, and saw that he accidentally crushed the Agent's neck in his grasp.
			"Oh." he chuckled. "Pity."

		Station battle/Oh Pity
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Back at the Connor's, Chloe was sitting on the sofa, with Sparky curled up next to her.
			"Bea, I'm okay., I'm safe." she said on the phone. "I'm round Connor's now."
			"Are you sure? I can come over if you like." Bea replied.
			"No, it's fine... I'll meet up with everyone in the morning, okay?"
			"Are you sure? I can come, it's okay." Bea continued, the concern in her voice palpable.
			"No, honestly, I'm... hang on, Connor's coming, I'll speak to you later."
			"I love you."
			"Love you too, girl." Chloe said back. She opened the door, and saw Connor, bloodied and barely standing.
			"Connor! Oh my god, are you okay?! What happened?" she asked, helping him inside.
			"I'm... I'm okay..." he panted. He sat on the sofa. "Sparky, magnet." he said. Sparky jumped up and brought a magetic device to him.
			"Wh-what's that for?" Chloe asked, unsure.
			"I've dug out most of the bullets - this'll help get the worst ones." Connor answered, as if this was normal for him.
			"Let me help." she said. "What can I do?"
			"I... Here, take this." he handed her the magnet. "You pull them to the surface, I'll dig them out."
			He morphed a small knife. Together, they extracted the last few bullets. Connor took a deep breath, and closed his eyes.
			"Are... are you alright now?" she asked, afraid.
			"Yeah, I'm... I'm fine... Just need to rest, heal up."
			"How can I help you? What helps you to heal faster?"
			"Can you just... can you just stay here for a moment?" he asked, his voice barely a whisper.
			Her eyes welled up. "Connor... Look at you! How... How do you do this?"
			"Well... It's not that hard for me. My skin is tough, and I'm already healing..." he began, but she interrupted.
			"I mean, how can you face death like that every day, and your reaction is so... calm?"
			"Oh... I guess, this is just normal for me now." he replied, looking off into the distance. "If I had a panic attack every time I got shot, I'd never get anything done."
			Chloe cried, and hugged him. He returned the hug.
			"I'm sorry..." he began. "I wanted to tell you, I really did."
			"When were you going to?"
			"As soon as this whole thing was over. Once the Optimates were gone."
			"What's the Optimates?"
			"Plague." Connor replied. He took a deep breath. "It's a cabal of fascist elites, trying to take over the world. PaladinCorp is connected to them - so are the Patriots, so is Eidolon Dynamics. Zamaldayev's men, they were augmented by them into Super-Agents. And they're planning something big, I can tell."
			"Oh my god..." Chloe replied, shocked. "And they made you?"
			"Yes. They took me and made me into... this. And I still don't know why."
			She paused, taking it all in. "Was Morland connected?"
			"I... yeah. Greg Morland is one of their higher-ups. The serum production there just confirms it."
			"Connor... I work there, you... you should have told me."
			"I know... I'm so, so sorry. If I knew they would have done this, I would have. But... I thought that, by not telling you, I could keep you safe. That's why I didn't want you involved when I snuck in the other night. I didn't want to paint a target on your back." he said, remorse palpable.
			Chloe's voice cracked. "You've been living with this secret, this--this danger, and you never told me. I know we've only been together for a few weeks, but... Do you think I wouldn't have understood? Didn't you trust me?"
			Her eyes glistened with unshed tears, the weight of his lies hitting her all at once. She took a deep breath, calming herself.
			"I don't even know what to say." she whispered, her voice trembling. "How am I supposed to process this?"
			Connor's face fell. "I... I get it if you can't. If this is too much, Chloe, I understand."
			"Too much?" Chloe's voice rose. "You're bleeding out on the sofa after digging out bullets like splinters, and you think I'm worried about 'too much?'"
			She paced the room, hands tugging at her hair. "You... The whole time I've known you, you've been lying to me. I wouldn't even be so upset if we were still just friends... but we're supposed to be together! Yesterday, when you were at the labs, the first thing I did afterwards was tell you. Was it all just a game? Was it some kind of joke to you?"
			"No!" he said, tears in his eyes. "I wanted to tell you, I swear. I hated hiding this from you. I just... I thought that by not telling you, I could keep you safe. I could keep my--our--life seperate from the Werewolf. I knew Morland was connected to them, but I had no idea they would do this."
			She sighed, looking deep into his eyes. She was torn.
			"I..." she began, taking a deep breath. "I can't. I need some time to... to process all of this."
			Connor nodded, his eyes tearing up. "I understand."
			She paused, uncomfortable. "Can I stay here tonight? In case they come after me, I..."
			"Of course." Connor nodded immediately.
			She smiled softly. "I'll take the sofa." she said.
			"You... You can take the bed, that's fine." he began. "I'll take the sofa."
			She shook her head. "You need a good night's sleep to heal, right?"
			He nodded.
			"Then I'll take the sofa."
			Connor breathed out. "Okay. I, um - I'm gonna take a shower, try and wash this blood off."
			"I'll stay with her, make sure she's okay." Sparky nodded.
			She smiled softly. "Thanks, buddy..."
			Connor stood, and went to the bathroom to shower. He let the warm water flow over his body, filling his wounds and washing away the blood. He took a deep breath, and silently cried.
			At the same time, Chloe gripped Sparky tightly, and cried into him. Sparky let out a whimper of sadness for his broken pack.

			Connor left the bathroom some time later, morphing up a hoodie and some shorts. He saw Chloe and Sparky asleep and cuddled up. He smiled sadly, and grabbed a protein shake to help heal himself, before heading to the garden.
			While seated and taking in some fresh air, blood came from his nostrils. He'd been overdoing it today - two near-death experiences. His Paradrenaline was burning through his body. He sighed, pulled out his lighter, and began to burn his wrist. The pain was sharp, but it soon gave way to relief. The migraines subsided, the nosebleed stopped, and even the burn felt nice.
			"Oh my god, what are you doing?"
			He turned around to see Chloe looking shocked.
			"Oh, hey... Sorry, let me explain." he said, flicking away the flame.
			"Are you okay?! Why would you do that?" she asked, rushing over.
			"It's okay." he began, beckoning her to sit down. She grabbed his arm and looked at the burn.
			"Connor..." she cried. "Why are you doing this? I-Is it because I was worried about you smoking? Like, is this you trying to fill the void? Is... Is this because I said I needed space?" she stammered.
			"No, no... It's not that."
			"Then what is it? I mean, I know the things you do must be hard on your psyche, but..."
			"It's my powers." he interrupted. "I... When I use my powers too much - or if I don't use them at all - my body gets... overwhelmed. I get migraines. And the only way to prevent them is... acute pain. Like burns." he said, gesturing to his arm. "It only works like this - it's gotta be very acute, very localised. Otherwise it just adds to the headache."
			"So... that time you had a nosebleed at Trey's... that was this?"
			"Yeah... I hadn't had a chance to hurt myself, so the buildup just took me out." he explained.
			"Oh my god... So, the whole time I've known you, you've been... burning yourself like this?!"
			"I'm sorry..." he began.
			"I just... I just wish you felt like you could tell me about this..." she sobbed.
			"No, it's not that... I'm sorry. I'm not doing it for normal self-harm - it's just the only thing that works. Even Sparky does it. Look... I promise, no more secrets. You have any questions, I'll answer. I swear."
			Chloe swallowed, and hugged Connor. He returned the embrace.
			"You know..." she began, "I studied your Paradrenaline - I knew these side-effects would occur from overdosage, but... pain, acute pain, lessening the symptoms?"
			"I don't know - it was Sparky who taught me." he shrugged.
			"It must be an endorphin thing..." she mused.
			He smiled softly. She gave him a sad smile, and yawned.
			"You can take the bed, it's fine." he nodded.
			"I'm not the one who got killed twice." she quipped.
			He chuckled. "Touche."
			She sighed. "I just... I need a little bit of space, is all. To think."
			"Absolutely. And I... I want you to know, you... you have every right to be pissed off."
			She smiled softly. "I'll see you in the morning, yeah?"
			"Yeah, I'll... I'll see you then."

		Digging out the bullets

	Gunshots
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That morning, Chloe woke up on the sofa, with Sparky curled up in her legs. She smiled softly, and went to the bathroom. She took out her purse, took her medication, checked her blood sugar, and noticed it was rather low. She took a sip of her lucozade, took a deep breath, and checked her phone. There were 17 missed calls from Sveta. She smiled, and phoned her back.
			"[Are you okay, dorogaya?! What happened? Are you safe?]" Sveta answered almost immediately.
			"[Sveta... I'm fine. I'm not hurt, and I'm at Connor's house now.]" Chloe replied, glad to hear her voice.
			Sveta breathed a deep sigh of relief. "[Oh, dorogaya... I saw the attack on the news, and I remembered you saying you had an internship in those labs. What happened?!]"
			Chloe sighed, not wanting to lie. "[They came to the lab... they had guns. One of them grabbed me and dragged me to the roof, and then... I was saved.]"
			Sveta gasped. "[Was it... was it the 'Werewolf'?]"
			"Da..."
			"Oh, moya dorogaya..." Sveta began. "[If I ever meet this 'Werewolf', I'm going to buy him a drink and kiss him. I'm so glad to hear you're safe and sound...]"
			"[Will my parents call me?]"
			"[No... I don't think they remembered you working there. When they saw the news, your mother just said that this was what Drackhill was like. I left the room so they wouldn't see me crying. Do you want me to tell them?]"
			"[No, no, it's okay... No need to scare them.]" Chloe replied, disappointed.
			"[I'm so glad to hear you're okay, dorogaya. It's my day off today - I'll come and see you.]"
			"[No, no, I'm fine, you don't have to... it's your day off, you can spend the day relaxing.]" Chloe meekly protested.
			"[Do not worry. I have wanted to come to the city for a while now - there is a cycle track on the big hill. I will come see you, and go cycling after. What's Connor's address?]"
			Chloe smiled softly. "[Thank you, Sveta. I'll be at my apartment this afternoon - do you still have the address?]"
			"[Ah, of course - I'll see you soon then, dorogaya. I love you.]"
			Chloe beamed. "[See you soon, Sveta. I love you too.]" she said, and hung up.

			She re-entered the living room, to see Connor up making breakfast. Sparky was still sleeping on the sofa.
			"Hey, morning! Did you sleep okay?" he asked, a little nervously.
			"Heya - yeah, I slept good. How are you feeling? You're... you've pretty much healed by the looks of things." she replied.
			"I'm good - I heal much faster in my sleep. Come the afternoon, I should be fully regenerated. I've healed back from worse. Back still hurts though - nerve damage takes longer to heal." he explained. "I, um, heard you speaking Russian - is Sveta okay?"
			"Hah, yeah she's good - she saw about the attack on the news, bless her. Anyway - what are you making?" she asked, pointing at Connor's food.
			"Nothing special - bacon and egg sandwiches, if that works for you?"
			"Yeah, sure." she nodded.
			Connor made her one. They both sat down, and ate. A tense silence filled the room.
			"So..." Connor began. "I, um... I'm guessing you're going back to yours today?"
			"Is that a problem?" she asked.
			"No, not at all. Just... Can you take Sparky with you? In case they decide to come for you again." he said timidly.
			She paused, and smiled. "Yeah, that's a good idea."
			Another awkward silence. This time, she broke it.
			"So... what are you doing today?"
			"I need to go check on Naismith. He was badly wounded in the gunfight, so I... I used some of my blood as a serum. To revive him."
			"So, he's one of them now?"
			"No. I mean, yeah, he's a Super-Agent, but he's still Naismith. He's, um... not the first person I've saved this way. A friend of mine in the KGB was badly shot, so I injected him with serum. Now, he's one of my most important allies."
			"The KGB?" Chloe replied, surprised. "Actually, tell me later."
			Connor nodded. Then, a knock on the door. He darted in front of her, and sniffed the air like a dog.
			"It's okay - it's everyone. Probably here to check up on you." he said, relaxing slightly.
			"You can smell them?"
			"Yeah - Sparky's been teaching me how to hone my senses. Pretty handy." Connor smirked, and opened the door.

			"Oh my god, babes!" Bea said, rushing to Chloe and hugging her. Amy likewise ran in and hugged her. Shannon came in, and stood awkwardly, before being pulled into the group hug. She smiled.
			"Hey, guys... I'm okay, but thank you for coming here..." Chloe said, returning the hugs. Trey swiftly gave Connor a bear hug, and then hugged Chloe too.
			"Connor..." Bea began, and pulled him in. "Thank you. Thank you for looking after her."
			Connor hugged her back. "It's the least I could have done." he said evasively.
			"So, what happened?" asked Shannon.
			The group all sat down. Sparky licked them all, and went back to sleep.
			"So, um... I was working late, when the gunmen came in. They lined us all up, and one of them dragged me to the rooftop." Chloe began.
			"Oh my god, why?" Shannon gasped.
			"Wait, what?! Jesus, Chloe! How did you not just--" Bea broke off, visibly shaking.
			"I didn't have time to think." Chloe replied softly, her eyes distant. "It all happened so fast. As for why... Well, um... he came by the lab a couple of nights ago... and I ran into him. And... I helped him." she admitted.
			"Chloe?!" Bea asked, shocked. "What did you do?"
			"I gave him access to our lower labs. And what we found there... it was horrifying. I helped him stop these experiments they were doing - well, the gunmen were part of the conspiracy the Werewolf is fighting. So, I guess they knew I was an accomplice."
			"You helped him? And you're sure he's not just... using you?" Bea asked, her tone laced with fear.
			"No." Chloe replied firmly. "He's not like that. I've seen what he's fighting for."
			Connor smiled softly, glad to hear her say that.
			"Chloe... You could have been killed!" Bea's voice cracked, her eyes glistening with tears. "Do you even understand what that would've done to us? To me? Why would you help him?"
			"I knew something was going on in those labs... and, well - it's true what people say about him. He really is a hero. Anyway... The gunmen took me to the rooftop, and held me hostage there. And then, the Werewolf came again. He... He saved me. But he nearly died doing so. I got shot at. The bullet only just missed me because the Werewolf pushed the shooter of the ledge - but he fell too. A 13-floor drop, and he landed right on his back. I ran down the stairs, and found him there - and he got up and walked away." she explained. She looked over at Connor. He gave her a grateful glance for not telling them about his identity.
			"Holy shit..." Bea whispered, shocked.
			"I'm okay, Bea..." Chloe said, hugging her.
			Bea shook her head. "I saw on the news how they attacked the police station. What if they come here?"
			"I'll speak to Tommy." Connor interjected. "He, um... Tommy has a direct line the Werewolf. I'll get him to tell the Werewolf that he still owes Chloe. If he... if he thinks that saving her last night makes up for getting her in this mess in the first place, he's got another thing coming."
			He meant it. He owed her.
			"So what happened after all that?" asked Shannon.
			"Connor was waiting outside, begging to be let in - the police took me to the station, and then they brought me here." Chloe explained.
			"How did you get those bruises?" Bea asked him, pointing at the marks from the night.
			"I sprinted to Morland - the roads were locked down, so driving wasn't an option. While running, I slipped and fell - whacked myself pretty badly." he said, clenching his jaw at another lie.
			"Anyway... Connor's said I can take Sparky with me back to mine, so I feel safe." she explained.
			Bea smiled warmly. "That's a great idea. No one's gonna mess with him."
			Sparky smiled happily. "Too right."

			A short while later, the gang finished catching up. Chloe was ready to leave for her place.
			"You excited to spend some time with Chloe, eh buddy?" Bea cooed at Sparky. He yapped affirmatively.
			Chloe smiled softly, then pulled Connor to the side. Recognising they wanted some privacy, the gang went into the garden to chat.
			"You okay?" he asked her.
			"Yeah... Well, considering." she shrugged. "Listen... This isn't me breaking up with you, okay? I just... I need a bit of time to think about things."
			He nodded. "Thank you... and, to be clear, if this *was* that, I wouldn't blame you. Please, just do what's best for you."
			She smiled sadly, and hugged him tight. "Listen, I... I'll call you tonight, yeah?"
			He nodded, smiling back. "Thank you..."
			She hesitated, but kissed his cheek, before leaving. Trey, Shannon, and Amy opted to stay behind, using the vague excuse of "Syndicate business" that needed sorting.
			Once the others left, the four sat down on the sofa.
			Connor let out a deep, affirmative sigh. His friends hugged him tightly.
			"How's she taking it?" Amy asked cautiously.
			"Better than I deserve." he replied, leaning forwards. "She just told me that this wasn't a breakup - she just needs some time."
			"That's good." Shannon smiled. "So... what are you doing today?"
			"Sorting things out." Connor nodded. "First, I've gotta go to the hospital - long story, I'm checking in on Naismith. After that, I'll be running Sparky's mission this afternoon."
			"What's that?" Trey tilted his head.
			"Sparky was gonna be smashing up this cache of weapons that the Patriots were keeping. Now he's on bodyguard duty, it falls to me."
			"Connor..." Amy began. "Maybe take a break? That's a job Stunlocke can do."
			"No. I need you patrolling. I'll handle the guns. After that, I'm gonna go to Chloe's labs, see if I can dig up any more intel before the police close it all off."
			"Bro..." Trey began. "You must be knackered. You look exhausted."
			"I'm fine." he shook his head. "I need to keep going. I can relax once the Optimates are gone."
			His friends exchanged worried glances, but relented. He stood, and headed out.

		Meeting the gang again
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Naismith was laid down in a hospital bed, with machines beeping around him. Nina sat with him, wearing combat gear. Connor arrived, in costume. Nina rose and drew her gun, but stopped upon recognising their saviour.
			"Sergeant. Congratulations on your promotion." he grinned.
			"Werewolf..." Nina replied in shock. "What are you doing here?"
			"I'm here to see how our coffin-dodger's doing." he nodded, approaching Naismith. Naismith's eyesockets were jotted with black veins - the tell-tale sign of a Super-Agent. His eyes opened.
			"Werewolf..." he muttered.
			"You look well for a dead man, Detective."
			"Hah... arsehole." Naismith chuckled. "Nina... give us a minute?"
			She hesitated, but nodded, and left.
			"So... How do you feel?" Connor asked.
			"Like I was shot, impaled, and then injected with Christ-knows-what." Naismith groaned.
			"Huh - funny that. I feel like I was impaled, defenestrated, and shot a hundred times. Rough night, all in all." Connor quipped, eliciting chuckles from both.
			"Why'd you do it?"
			"Do what?"
			"Don't play silly buggers. Why did you save me?"
			"Because you were hurt, and I could help. And hey, I like how annoying you can be, showing up when I'm trying to kill people. It's endearing." Connor answered, shifting from genuine compassion to banter seamlessly.
			"Hah... So, what happens to me now?" Naismith asked. He flexed his fingers, watching them twitch with new strength.
			"Now? You get back to work, once you're better."
			"I mean... What am I?"
			"I don't know what to tell you..." Connor paused. "You can heal fast - but you're not immortal. You can't regrow limbs or organs like I can - at least, not to our knowledge."
			"Our?"
			"Ever the detective. No comment." Connor replied, causing Naismith to chuckle. He continued.
			"You're also tough - tough enough that small-caliber bullets shouldn't break your skin. But you're much, much weaker than me - don't go pulling my stunt with the assault rifles any time soon. And you'll be strong, too - be careful of that. I've broken a neck when I only meant to knock someone out before. Be mindful."
			"Good to know... any other downsides?"
			"Yes - watch out for migraines. There's a substance called Paradrenaline - it super-charges your powers, but also causes side effects. Fatigue, headaches, nosebleeds, even seizures if you're not careful. You can manage those side effects through acute pain - self-harm. I burn myself with a lighter. I don't know how, but I think there's some endorphin-analogue that counteracts the Paradrenaline."
			"Got it..." Naismith groaned. "Self destruction was always my strong suit."
			Connor chuckled grimly. "Another thing. You might start getting violent urges - especially in the heat of battle. Be very careful with those."
			Naismith nodded.
			"And you can't get drunk, or smoke anymore. Your body'll process it. So watch out for withdrawals."
			"No booze? Bollocks."
			"Get well soon. When you're back, phone me. I'll meet with you, and we can discuss our next steps."
			Naismith smiled slightly, and Connor left, escaping the hospital through a maintenance shaft.

		Connor checks on Naismith
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Chloe laid in her bed, with Sparky snuggling up to her. She awoke to a knock on the door.
			Sparky darted his head up, sniffed, and then nodded. "It's okay, they're friendly."
			Chloe chuckled, and answered the door, to see Sveta standing there.
			Without saying a word, she embraced her surrogate mother.
			"Hello, dorogaya..." Sveta began, smiling warmly. They moved into the living room.
			"Hi Sveta!" Sparky smiled, hiding his voice.
			"Haha, hello little wolfie!" she grinned, stroking his chin.
			"Mozhet byt', tebe chto-nibud' prinyesti, Sveta? Chay, kofe?" Chloe asked.
			"No thank you, dorogaya. I just wanted to make sure you were okay. I was worried about you." Sveta answered.
			Chloe smiled softly. "Spasibo, Sveta."
			The pair sat down.
			"So, moya dorogaya... are you sure you're alright?"
			"I'm fine, Sveta." Chloe said, forcing a smile.
			"Chloe. What's wrong? Something's on your mind?" Sveta tilted her head.
			Chloe looked away.
			"So, what happened? You said the Werewolf rescued you - how?"
			"He, um... he fought the man who had taken me hostage. They ended up falling off of the rooftop. I ran down to the ground, and he was... he was still alive."
			Sveta squeezed her hand. "Oh, dorogaya... that sounds like a nightmare. When I saw the attack, I... It reminded me of when I heard about Alexei and Sergei..."
			Chloe hugged her. "I'm okay, Sveta. I promise."
			She smiled warmly. "Where is Connor? Shouldn't he be here with you, taking care of you?"
			Chloe looked away. "He, um... he's busy at the moment." she said evasively.
			Sveta stroked her chin. "Did you guys have a fight?"
			"No, not--not really, no." Chloe sighed.
			"Chloe... I can tell when you're hiding something from me." Sveta replied, gently brushing her shoulder. "You can talk to me, dorogaya. You know this, da?"
			"I know." Chloe nodded, smiling softly.
			Sveta stroked her chin, thinking deeply. "You would tell me if he was hurting you, yes?"
			"Yes, of course." she said immediately.
			Sveta thought for a moment. "So... there's something going on, and that's the reason Connor's not here. It's not something he's doing to you, which means it's something you found out. If it was something personal, you would have told me."
			Chloe looked up, trembling slightly.
			"So, you discovered something about Connor... on the night terrorists attack your work and a superhero saves you. Chloe... is he?"
			Chloe tried to speak, to deny it, to lie... but she couldn't. She just sighed, and looked away.
			Sveta pulled her in for a hug. She squeezed her tightly, and the two broke apart.
			"You... you can't tell anyone." Chloe said, wiping her eyes.
			"I know, dorogaya. I wouldn't dream of it. But... how are you coping?"
			Chloe took a deep breath. "I'm alright, it's just... I feel like everything I knew about him is a lie."
			"Is it?"
			Chloe paused. "No. He's still the same person, but... I knew his life was dangerous before, except it's even worse now."
			"You mean... the Syndicate?" Sveta asked.
			Chloe was taken aback. "How do you know about that?"
			Sveta sighed. "I... I may have done some research on him. Discreetly."
			"What do you mean?"
			Sveta pulled out her phone, revealing a dossier-like document. "I wanted to make sure. After what happened with... with that *yebanaya gnida.*"
			"Sveta..." Chloe began, saddened. "Don't you trust me?"
			"Of course I trust you!" Sveta protested, before holding her hands. "It's not that at all, dorogaya. I just... I wanted to make sure."
			Chloe thought for a moment, before shrugging. "So, you know about the Syndicate then?"
			"Da. It was more an educated guess - I found a report of when he was arrested by the police, along with his uncle. And given he works at a garage that got raided once for being a chop shop - it didn't take a genius to figure it out."
			Chloe smiled faintly.
			"So... what do you feel? About you and him, I mean?"
			She took a deep breath. "I'm not sure. I mean, like I said, I already knew about the Syndicate. Hell, there was this one time he ran off while we were on a date to sort something for them... looking back, I think he was using that as a proxy for *this.* But... this is so much bigger than being part of a gang. He kills people."
			"I killed people." Sveta shrugged. "I was meant to be a medic, but I took up a gun and killed people. They didn't call me 'Krasnaya Vdova' for nothing, dorogaya."
			"I know..." Chloe sighed. "And I'm not even as upset as I think I should be about that. He's told me about the people he fights. I mean, one of them was Zamaldayev."
			"He killed Zamaldayev?" Sveta gasped.
			"Yeah. When he told me, that made me pause. I knew from what you told me how evil he was... so I knew it was justified."
			"Bozhe moy..." Sveta stroked her chin. "So, he's saved your life and killed Zamaldayev. If you don't marry him, I will."
			They both laughed, and Chloe leant backwards into the sofa.
			"I'm not even mad about what he does." she began. "I'm upset that he hid it from me."
			Sveta put her arm around her. "I understand, dorogaya. Ask yourself - do you want a relationship with him?"
			Chloe thought for a while. "I do." she finally said.
			"Then call him. Tell him how you feel - that you're not happy with how he lied, but you're willing to forgive him if he swears to never lie again."
			Chloe smiled, and hugged Sveta. She warmly returned the embrace.
			"I'll be off now, dorogaya." Sveta said, kissing Chloe on the forehead. "It's your birthday soon - will you be coming home?"
			Chloe smiled softly. "Yeah, I'll be up. I'll invite my friends too."
			"Excellent." Sveta beamed. "I'll make a big feast, then."
			Chloe hugged her again.
			"Anything else I need to know? You don't have superpowers too, do you?" she snarked.
			Chloe chuckled. "Sparky can talk."
			"Huh?"
			"Oh, yeah. Um... Hi, Sveta."
			She tilted her head incredulously. "Bozhe moy."
			Chloe chuckled, hugging her again. "Spasibo, Sveta. Ya lyublyu tebya."
			"Ya tozhe tebya lyublyu." Sveta smiled warmly, before leaving.

			Chloe hesitated, holding her phone. She turned to Sparky, who nuzzled into her hand.
			"Hey, buddy..." she said softly. She stroked his chin, and he gave a warm smile.
			She cuddled him, and called Connor.
			With minimal delay, he answered.
			"H-hey Chloe!" he said nervously. "You okay?"
			"Heya..." she began. "I'm alright. I just had a chat with Sveta. She, um... she figured out that you're the Werewolf."
			"Oh?"
			"Yeah, she... well, she could tell we were having issues, and obviously said issues happened right after last night's attack. I guess she put two-and-two together."
			"Makes sense." Connor audibly shrugged.
			"You're not upset about her knowing?"
			"Well... she's someone very important to you." he began. "I'd want her to be able to support you. Besides, she's not gonna tell anyone, is she?"
			"No, of course not." she smiled. "Listen, I... we spoke about things, and I've had some time to think. I--"
			Before she could continue, the sound of a shotgun roared over the phone.
			"Ow, you bastard!" Connor yelped, before a thudding sound came over. "Sorry, Chloe."
			"Are--Are you in a fight right now?!" Chloe asked, an incredulous grin coming over her face.
			"Oh, yeah. It's fine, we can still talk."
			"Connor, if--It's fine, you don't have to--" she stammered.
			"It's alright! They're just normal humans, they're no threat to me. And, um... I haven't killed any, and I'm not planning on." he said. "I can work and talk, besides - this is important."
			She let out a chuckle. "You're in the middle of a gunfight, and what, you're more focused on our issues?"
			"Well, yeah." he said, again audibly shrugging, before another thumping sound came over the phone.
			She smiled warmly, endeared. "Listen, Connor... You focus on what you're doing, okay? Meet me at Morland at 8 PM - we can go in and have a look around. After that... we'll go back to yours, and chat, yeah?"
			Connor smiled. "Thank you. I don't deserve that - but thank you. I'll see you at 8--" another gunshot.
			"OW! I'm *trying* to have a moment here, you *prick!*" he barked, before clearing his throat. "I'll see you at 8!"
			Chloe laughed. "See you there."

		Harbour battle/phone call
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Chloe and Sparky stood nervously across the street from Morland. The place was deserted, with no police in sight - likely, they were reeling from the attack the night before. Connor arrived, and she rushed over and embraced him. He returned the embrace, taking a deep breath.
			"Hey." he began.
			"Hey..." she whispered softly.
			"I've done a quick sweep - the area's secure." Sparky nodded.
			"Thanks, buddy." Connor smiled. "I've got Amy and Olivia on patrol for tonight. Ivan should be back tomorrow."
			"So... what's our plan here, exactly?" Chloe asked.
			"We go in, and find any intel we can." Connor nodded. "Experiment reports, data entries, chat logs... ideally, we seize anything digital, and get Shannon to decrypt it. Any paperwork, we take and scan back at the shop."
			"Sounds good." she smiled. "Will everyone else be there?"
			"We'll be going back to mine, for that exact reason." he nodded. "It's... it's not escaped me that you deserve a better explanation than one I can give bleeding out on the sofa."
			She chuckled mirthlessly. The trio sneaked past police tape to enter the lab.
			Broken glass and smashed equipment littered the area.
			"Hey, guys - look here!" Sparky barked. They both headed over.
			"Look - a flesh sample. One of the creatures." he explained.
			Connor leant over and inspected the sample. "They must have been trying to reproduce them."
			"Jesus... You'd think smashing their labs and burning the clones would make them think twice. I mean, look at it..." Chloe sighed, looking at the small lump of flesh. "They just left it here. It's still moving - it's a blob of cancer, a teratoma - and they just left it here."
			Connor picked up the flesh. It squelched and moved, as if trying to get away.
			"What the hell even makes that..." he asked.
			"The cancer must have grown nerve cells. It's... It's probably trying really hard to grow back into you." Chloe mused. She crouched closer to the lump of flesh, her eyes narrowing as she examined it.
			"This is fascinating - and horrifying. Look at the texture, Connor. The cell structure is hyper-differentiated, like a tumour on steroids. But... wait."
			She leant in closer, pointing at a subtle movement. "It's mimicking regenerative patterns - almost like it's trying to rebuild a body from scratch. But without a governing blueprint, it's chaotic. The nerve cells must have developed randomly, giving it just enough sensory feedback to move, but not enough to coordinate growth."
			Connor thought for a moment. "I... I have a really weird idea."
			"What's that?"
			Connor un-morphed his mask. "For some reason, my instincts are telling me to eat it."
			"WHAT?!" Chloe asked, shocked.
			"No, seriously - I seem to have this, I don't know - intuition? A bit like how I could communicate with the clones last time." he explained.
			"I... I mean, you're the expert." Chloe shuddered, looking a little grossed out.
			"I'll just have a bite - and we'll burn the rest."
			Chloe looked away, and Sparky trotted over.
			"It's not that gross, Chloe - I eat raw meat when I can. It's good for you!"
			Chloe grinned. "You know, buddy... I always knew you were clever. Finding out you're actually a *person,* though... it explains a lot."
			Sparky smiled, nuzzling into her. "I know things are confusing right now, but we're still packmates."
			"Thanks, buddy..." she beamed. Connor walked over.
			"Okay, done - and I think I learned some things." he said, wiping his mouth.
			"What, like 'Cancer tastes gross'?" Chloe quipped.
			He stifled a laugh. "Well, that too. But mainly, I figured out something. That flesh couldn't heal like I can. It just grew in uncontrolled ways. And the reason for that isn't cancer - it's because there was no brain directing it on how to grow."
			Chloe paused, thinking hard. "That... that explains why you can regrow limbs so well. Your brain can tell your body exactly how it should look. That explains your healing, the reason you can avoid cancer... Okay, think about it this way. Normal human cells replicate with instructions encoded in their DNA. But cancer cells... they're like a computer running corrupted code. Your body, though, seems to have some kind of override mechanism. It's like your brain acts as a master control program, ensuring every new cell knows exactly what it's supposed to do - and where it's supposed to go."
			She paused, her eyes lighting up with realization.
			"That's why your regeneration is so precise. It's not just that you heal fast; it's that your body knows how to heal perfectly, down to the cellular level. That level of control... it's almost unprecedented in biology."
			"That also explains the *way* I heal." he noted. "When you found me after Hughes - the next morning, I still had cosmetic damage. But after Zamaldayev, my body healed the obvious stuff first, and left the functional damage to heal out of sight."
			"Of course!" she gasped, realising. "Your subconscious knew that healing the cosmetic damage at my flat would look suspicious. Likewise, in Chechnya. Your body knew it would look suspicious if you were so hurt, so it healed the obvious stuff, but left the real damage for later."
			She rubbed her chin, deep in thought. "And if it goes both ways, if... if your body can communicate with your consciousness on such a level - that's why you knew what was wrong with the flesh! You performed chemical analysis on it!"
			Connor smirked. "Huh, having a genius biotechnologist on our team is pretty useful after all."
			"Hah - I'm just hypothesising." Chloe shrugged. "I have an idea. When I go back to university, I'll have access to the labs. Maybe... Connor, if we could study this in a controlled environment, we could learn so much more. I'm not talking about poking and prodding you - I mean analyzing your tissue samples, mapping the signaling pathways in your brain that control regeneration, even re-sequencing your DNA to compare it with baseline human genetics. We might be able to isolate the healing properties... and replicate them. Imagine what this could mean for medicine. Regrowing limbs, curing degenerative diseases--"
			She stopped herself, catching her breath.
			"Sorry, I'm rambling. But you have to understand, this is revolutionary. You're revolutionary. I don't think we should just give people a serum that makes them into weapons, but if we could just give them your healing powers..."
			Connor nodded. "You know, I really like it when you talk about this stuff. You kind of... come out of your shell a bit more."
			Chloe blushed. "I... I suppose I'm in my element. Anyway, what do we do now?"
			Connor smiled. "Sparky - you do what you do best. Check the facility for any more mutants - howl if you find any."
			Sparky barked in agreement, and rushed off.
			"As for us." Connor continued, "We need to get what we came here for. Data."

			Chloe nodded, and they headed further into the facility - to a server farm.
			"Jackpot - let me take a look." he said, accessing the terminal. It was still logged in - whoever was working on it must have ran away when the gunmen came. He accessed the fileshare, downloaded its contents onto a hard drive, and took the drive.
			"You seem to know what you're doing." Chloe noted.
			"Shannon's not the only one who can use a keyboard." Connor quipped. "Before all of... *this,* I was the syndicate's main techie."
			Chloe chuckled. "You know... Sometimes, I wish I could have known you before all this happened to you. Just so I could have seen you more... carefree. With less responsibility." she mused.
			"I would've liked that..." Connor nodded. "I'm just glad I have you in my life now."
			Chloe smiled warmly.
			"Okay, download complete - now, we need to go to your lab and grab any paper files."

			The pair headed upstairs to Chloe's main laboratory, and swiped every paper file they could find.
			"Wow, you discovered all of this? By yourself?" Connor asked, impressed.
			"Oh, it's nothing..." she began sheepishly.
			"No, it's not nothing - this is amazing! I mean, look at this - you figured out the exact strength I could apply in a punch, just from my hand?"
			"Well, it was a guesstimate..." she blushed.
			"It was dead on. I can hit as hard as a jackhammer, just like you said. That is, outside the Rage - but the Rage doesn't count."
			Chloe blushed and looked down at the paper in her hands. "It's not that big a deal. I just... I guess I got lucky with the maths."
			"Stop downplaying it." Connor insisted. "You figured out my limits before I even knew them. And you did it all on your own. That's incredible, Chloe."
			She glanced up at him, a small, shy smile forming. "Thanks... That means a lot."
			They collected the final papers. Then, they heard Sparky howl.

			They rushed to the source of the noise, Connor in front and suited up. There, they found a particularly twisted creature - it looked like a large fetus with tendrils randomly popping from its hide.
			"Jesus..." Connor shuddered.
			Chloe squeezed his hand. "We... we should do what we did last time, no?"
			"Yeah..." Connor nodded, before Sparky stopped him.
			"Put your hand to his head." he said.
			Connor looked at him, before nodding. He knelt down, and placed his palm on the creature's head.
			Immediately, he felt a memory - though not his own. He could see the memories of this thing's torment at Morland's hands. It was the smallest of the clones - degenerate beyond degenerate. Cast off and forgotten.
			He pulled his hand away, and tears streamed down his face.
			"Connor?" Chloe asked, shaking slightly.
			"I saw it..." he whispered. "I saw it's memories."
			Chloe swallowed. "What, like... like a mind merge?"
			"Yeah, something like that." Connor nodded softly. "The same as before. But weaker. It... it doesn't have enough of a consciousness for me to merge into. I can look in, but... there's nothing to look back."
			Chloe shuddered. "So... telepathy? You're telepathic?"
			"Kinda. There's a girl on our team, Olivia. She's an 'Esper' - it's the term for people with psychic powers. Mine are very low-level - it's limited to mind-merges like that, mostly. Same with Sparky -  that's why until recently, he couldn't communicate with non-Espers."
			"...I think I just thought of, like, 15 different experiments I'm gonna run on you guys."
			Connor smiled. He lifted the fetus-thing,  took a syringe of pain relief, and injected it. It shuddered, and went completely still.
			"Shh..." he whispered. Sparky let out a mournful howl.
			Chloe hugged both again. Connor took a deep breath, and resumed his professional demeanour.
			"Okay, one more thing - this place was connected to the Optimates. So, we need to go to your boss's office." he said.
			
			They arrived, and saw a laptop on his desk. Connor swiped it, and logged in using credentials he'd found on the server.
			"Bingo - okay, I can see here - holy shit. This guy wasn't just connected, he was in direct contact with the Commandant."
			"The guy who came by the office once?" she tilted her head.
			"Yeah - that's how we figured this place was connected." he nodded. "The Commandant. Real name unknown - but presumptive leader of PaladinCorp. Morland had regular meetings with him."
			He paused. "Okay, this is where we part ways. I'm going to go to Morland's house, and get some answers."
			"Are you sure you don't need me there?" Chloe asked, eager to help.
			"No, I'm sure - firstly, he may have Super-Agents there, and there's no way I'm risking your safety like that. Secondly, I need you to go through the data we found--" he said, handing her the hard drive and papers "--and compile it all into a database. Sparky will escort you back home. Just plug it into the computer there, and Shannon can handle the rest remotely."
			"Got it." Chloe said, nodding. "Good luck. And... give that bastard Morland a piece of my mind."

			With that, Connor headed off to Morland's house - a big, upmarket country home in Upper Caldermouth - the poshest part of Drackhill. He entered, sneaked upstairs, and found a blood trail. He followed it, and saw Morland's body, with a shotgun in his hand and the top of his head missing. Connor sighed.
			"Damn it... hang on." he said, looking closer. The shotgun was loaded. How could he have reloaded after shooting himself? That would only happen if someone shot him, and reloaded out of reflex before placing the gun in his hand. Hell, the shot even looked weird compared to his position...
			"It's a setup." he mused, and called Naismith's burner. 
			"DCI Naismith." he answered.
			"Detective. I've found something." Connor said in his Werewolf voice.
			"A billion quid? Come on, let us have some good news for a change." Naismith quipped.
			"One day." Connor chuckled. "Greg Morland. Dead in a clearly staged suicide. You have his address?"
			"We do. Okay, thanks mate - I'll come over first thing. I'm back in action now - that serum worked a treat."
			"Good to hear - Contact me when you find something. I'm guessing your case is about to become complicated."
			"You have no idea. With all the coppers who died yesterday, there's a real chance TO-24 might have to just refocus on other cases. We'll end up turning a blind eye to you and yours." Naismith mused.
			"Well, that works for me. Detective..." Connor began, hesitating a little. "Our collaboration works both ways. If you need a hand, just phone me."
			"Will do. Thanks... For a brutal serial killer, you're half decent." Naismith replied, his smirk audible.
			"And for a stuck-up fed, you're not so bad." Connor snarked back. With that, he headed home.

		Investigating Morland
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Chloe sat comfortably on Connor's sofa, sorting through the data on his laptop. She searched a keyword - 'Esper' - and found a few results.
			"Hey, um... Sparky?" she began.
			"Yeah?"
			"What's ODIN?" she tilted her head.
			"Oh, they're connected to the people we fight, I think." he shrugged. "When you meet Olivia, she can tell you more."
			With that, Connor arrived, and she ran up and hugged him.
			"Did you find anything?" she asked.
			"He's dead - staged suicide. I've called Naismith - he'll investigate while he still can." Connor explained.
			"Oh my god..." Chloe said, surprised. "Well... Sounds like his plots caught up to him."
			"Seems that way. They didn't go to any real effort to disguise it - presumably, they intended to send a message, somehow."
			"That whatever he did to them was tantamount to committing suicide, perhaps." Chloe noted somberly. "Anyway, I've sorted through about a quarter of the data."
			"Excellent - let's call it a night." Connor smiled. "We'll work on it together tomorrow."
			"Sounds good... hey, can I stay at yours tonight?" she asked.
			"Of course you can. You can stay as long as you want to. In fact, given what happened... I'd feel more comfortable if you were nearby. Not in a creepy way..." he interrupted himself. "But... well... I just..." he stumbled on his words.
			"Hey..." she smiled, putting her hand on his chest. "It's okay. I know what you mean. I'll stay for a few more days, until the heat dies down a bit. And if things kick off again, I'll come back."
			Connor smiled, and hugged her. She embraced him.
			She sniffled a little, her eyes slightly teary. "I just... It's hard, not being able to talk to Bea about this." she said.
			"You... You can tell her if you like."
			"No... Not yet. I understand why you didn't tell me." she shook her head.
			"You can talk to the others, though." he smiled softly. "In fact, maybe you should meet up with them tomorrow? You guys can talk about it properly, without me there."
			Chloe smiled softly. "That's a good idea."

			"Anyway, changing the subject somewhat... My birthday's in a week - on the 6th of Feb. I was going to go up back home, and... would you like to come with me?"
			"Your birthday?" Connor looked surprised, then a warm smile spread across his face. "You'd want me there?"
			Chloe nodded, suddenly shy. "Of course. You're part of my life now."
			"I'd love to!" Connor replied. "You'll be 19, right?"
			"Yes, well remembered!" she smiled. "When's your birthday again?"
			"24th of October."
			"Oh, we missed it - did you do anything nice?" she asked, tilting her head slightly.
			"We met." Connor smiled. "Remember that night out you had with Amy and Bea? The one where I dropped you off?"
			"Oh yeah! The second time we'd met. You had to rush off for a work thing, right?"
			Connor paused sadly. "Yeah... that was a bad night. It was one of my first outings, back before anyone called me the Werewolf." he explained. "I lost control that night. Hurt people. Killed them..." he said, his voice becoming a whisper of shame.
			Chloe smiled sympathetically. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to pry."
			"No, please - pry." he smiled. "I'm not going to hide things from you anymore."
			He paused for a moment. "That night, I... I thought about ending it all. I had a gun, and I put it to my temple, but... I just couldn't. Too cowardly, I suppose."
			Chloe put her hand on his shoulder, tears glistening in her eyes. "Brave, I'd say. I... I've been in that kind of mindset before."
			Connor looked up at her, saddened. "I'm sorry... Do you wanna talk about it?"
			Chloe paused. "Maybe later."
			He nodded. "Anyway, funny story - after the third time of putting it to my temple and failing, I decided I wasn't gonna do it. And then, Amy phoned - and I was so startled, I accidentally did it. In the process, I found out both that gunshots to the head can't kill me, and that they still really fuckin' hurt."
			Chloe chuckled. "I... I never thought I'd see the funny side of you shooting yourself in the head."
			Connor snickered. "It helped, in a way. Giving yous all a lift made me feel... human."
			Chloe smiled sadly. "That's why you've kept this a secret, isn't it?"
			Connor nodded. "Yeah, I... It's nice to just pretend to be a normal person sometimes. I know it was selfish, but..."
			"I get it." she smiled, hugging him. "So... what would you have done if it weren't for everything?"
			"I, um... I don't really celebrate my birthday that much. I mean, I went out with Trey on my 18th, but... yeah." he shuffled uncomfortably.
			"Why is that?" Chloe asked, curious.
			"Well, um... You remember how my mum died when I was born? Well, when I went to live with my grandparents, they kind of blamed me for it."
			His voice tightened slightly. "No, that's not true. My granny was just sad, she never blamed me... My grandad, however... anyway..." he forced a small laugh to banish the memory. "So, I guess I never had it drilled in that my birthday was something worth celebrating."
			Chloe looked at him, her eyes betraying her sadness. "I'm so sorry... I didn't even think about your mum."
			"It's okay." Connor smiled warmly. "I never knew her, obviously - and besides, it's a me thing. Trey still celebrates, as does Amy. My uncle and me... this'll sound morbid." he chuckled grimly. "When I started living with him, we made a ritual - I found out, every year on my birthday, he'd been visiting her grave and telling her what I'd been up to. It was his way of coping, I guess. On my 9th birthday, I followed him that night. From that, it just became a regular thing."
			Chloe smiled sadly, and hugged him.
			"It doesn't sound morbid." she said. "It's... it's really sweet. I mean, it's sad too, but... You know what I mean?"
			"Of course." Connor nodded, smiling. He headed over to a shelf in his living room, and took out a small picture-book. He opened it to a page he knew off by heart - well, hearts.
			"That was her." he said, pointing to a photo of his mother. "Her name was Laura."
			Chloe took the book, and smiled softly. Connor was the near spitting image of her. The only notable difference was her sea-blue eyes compared to his steel-grey. Well, that and she was a woman, but still.
			She hesitated. "Do you, um... do you know your father?" she asked.
			"No." Connor shook his head. "I did a little bit of digging a couple years ago, but found nothing. Vince has no idea either. Apparently he was some bloke in America... and from what she told him, it sounds like he was a bad, bad man."
			Chloe nodded sympathetically. "Would you like to know who he is?"
			"I think so." Connor shrugged. "I'd like to give him a piece of my mind... at the least."

			"Anyway... enough of the depressing stuff." he chuckled.
			"Connor, I... I understand why you kept this to yourself. But either way, I'm involved. Which means I... I want to help. I'm not going to sit on the sidelines while you risk your life every day. I might not have superpowers, but I'm a scientist. A biologist. Maybe I can help you understand how your powers work... I mean, I did a pretty good job just from recovered samples. I can run tests on you - discreetly, of course. And maybe we can learn how it all works - and you can learn how to use it to its full potential."
			Connor looked at her, his pupils dilating. "Chloe... You would do that for me?"
			She gave a small, determined smile. "Yeah. Because that's what people who... who care about each other do. They figure it out. Together."
			She leant her forehead against his, and they embraced.
			"So... what's next?" she asked.
			"Tomorrow night, there's another weapons sale." he began. "Sparky - you up for some gun-smashing?"
			"Of course." Sparky grinned.
			"Good lad. While we're out, can you help Shannon sort through that data? I know it's gonna be exhausting, but..."
			"Yeah, of course." she smiled. "Once I've got it all organised, we can look into studying a little."
			Connor smiled. She hugged him, and then paused.	
			"Just... Promise me, and swear on something that matters, that you won't hide away from me. And I promise, I'll never hide away from you." she asked.
			Connor put his hand her shoulders. "I swear, on Vince's life, I will always tell you the truth from now on."
			She smiled, and embraced him again.

		Chloe and Connor talk

	Truth & Reconciliation
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It had been a chaotic few days - but days, nonetheless. The sun dragged itself out from the horizon, shimmering on the sea.
			Chloe was sitting on a bench in the repair shop, sipping a latte. Amy approached.
			"Hey, girl! How are you holding up?" she asked, hugging Chloe.
			"Heya! Yeah, I'm doing okay." she replied, hugging back.
			Trey and Shannon followed in after.
			"Ladies, ladies!" Trey smiled. "Good to see you both."
			"Hey, guys!" Shannon added, smiling.
			"Hah, thanks." Chloe smiled back.
			"So, um..." Trey began awkwardly. "Should probably clarify I know that you know."
			She chuckled. "And you also know that I know that you know?"
			"Something like that. My head hurts, now." he grinned.
			"How, uh... how are you taking it?" Amy asked.
			"Better than I thought I would. I mean, it's all so... much. But we're together, which means we'll deal with it together." Chloe shrugged.
			"That's good... It sounds like you're coping well. Did he, um... Did he mention Sparky?" Trey asked.
			"You mean the talking dog?" Chloe quipped, smirking.
			They laughed.
			"Hah, that's the one. I, um... I know it's a lot to take in. We're here if you need to vent." he smiled softly.
			"I just..." Chloe began. "I get why he didn't tell me. Hell, I can't judge him - I don't know for a fact I would have told him if our roles were reversed. But I... I just wish he had told me. Not even just for my sake - obviously I'm not thrilled that he lied to me, but I'm more upset at seeing how it's hurt him. I... I know how honest Connor naturally is. And I can see how much he hated lying to me. And... Part of me worries if I can still trust him after all of this. I mean, I do trust him... But... I don't know. It's strange... I'm terrified for him, but I also feel closer to him than I ever have before. Like, despite all the danger, he's more real to me now." Chloe said, lost in thought.
			"Oh..." Amy replied guiltily. "It, uh... It's my fault. I'm the one who told him not to tell you."
			Chloe looked over at her, surprised. "You did?"
			"Yeah. I was worried that telling you would force you to choose a side, and I knew that you'd choose his - at which point you'd have had an even bigger target on your back. Instead, I was wrong. Not telling you just meant you were less prepared when the time came. I'm sorry."
			Chloe took a moment to process. "I... thank you. You were looking out for me, and hey, we don't know you were wrong. If I knew sooner, maybe the gunman would have just killed me - he prepared to before Connor made them both fall. I think he just wanted to taunt him." she mused. "Either way... I get why you told him not to. And... Thank you for telling me. It helps clear things up a little."
			"I'm so sorry, Chlo. If I had any idea something so big was going down, I'd never have told him that." Amy swore. Chloe smiled warmly and hugged her.
			"I know." Chloe whispered. "It's okay."
			Amy pulled back from the hug, giving Chloe a small, tentative smile.
			"You're strong, you know that?" Trey said softly, a hint of admiration in his voice.
			Chloe chuckled mirthlessly. "I don't feel strong. I feel... Scared. Scared for my own safety, of course, after the incident at the lab. But mainly, I'm terrified about Connor. You guys... He fell 13 stories, snapped his spine in half, got filled with over 100 assault rifle bullets - all in one night. And he's acting like he's fine. I don't know what scares me more - the idea that he's lying to me again, or that he's telling the truth. Because... What kind of person would be fine with all that? How can he cope?"
			"Connor's always been... Resilient." Trey began, his tone soft, almost wistful. "Even before the powers, he'd been through a hell of a lot. And he was always good at compartmentalising."
			Chloe looked up at him, and smiled sadly.
			"Look, Chlo..." he continued. "When I found out, I was pissed off with him. Rightfully so, but still. I realised... Connor's a good man. So, even though he did the wrong thing by keeping this a secret... he had good intentions. And that's gotta count for something."
			Chloe nodded. "I don't believe he was trying to deceive me or anything. I just... I'm worried is all. His body might be... whatever it is, but his mind is still human. How's he supposed to cope with this? I mean, he... He kills people. And I know, he has to, but..."
			"He's a tough cookie." Amy began, smiling wistfullly. "It sucks that Connor kills. But... He'd never kill someone who didn't need killing. And it's up to us - his friends - to help him cope when he does."
			"Being a superhero ain't like what the movies say." Trey added. "It doesn't just mean saving good people... it means stopping bad people. And these bad people..." he shuddered, "They gotta be stopped. That's just what Connor's like. And hell, if any of us had his powers, we'd be the exact same."
			"That's the thing." Amy nodded. "The Werewolf isn't a monster, or an anomaly. It's the natural extension of who Connor truly is. You..." she paused, searching for the words. "You know the real Connor. All those times you've seen him, they were real. That's who he is. The funny, kind, loving, annoying, endearingly awkward guy - that's the real Connor."
			Chloe sat back, processing for a moment. "You mean... everything we had... every moment we shared..."
			"Was real. As real as it gets." Trey nodded.
			Chloe took a deep breath, and smiled.
			"You know..." Shannon said, having kept quiet until now. "Connor saved my life. I was attacked by some prick, after my parents kicked me out. I was thinking about just lying down and letting it happen, and then out of nowhere, this superhero just shows up, beats the guy up, and sits with me. He was wearing his full costume, but... he was so, *so* human in that moment. He just sat there, spoke softly, and called Tommy to get me somewhere to stay. I know I've not known you guys for long, but... he's a good guy. And yeah, it's a shame he lied to you... but from what I can tell, he's no different with the mask on or off."
			Chloe smiled softly. "Thank you, guys... Thank you so much, for all of this."
			Amy grinned. "Don't tell him I said anything nice about him."

			Chloe laughed, and the group went to go get brunch at Raj's rebuilt cafe. Not long after, Bea joined them, fresh from university.
			They had a catch-up about normal, everyday, human things. Chloe piped up.
			"So, anyway... My birthday's in a couple of weeks - on the 6th. I'm gonna be going back up home for it, but I'd really appreciate it if you all came with me."
			"You just got nearly murdered, and you're thinking about your birthday?" Bea asked, shocked.
			"I, um..." Chloe began, looking down. Bea pulled her in for an embrace.
			"I love you." she whispered. "You are the strongest person I know. Only you..." her voice cracked, "Only you could face death and be so strong."
			"I'd love to come." Amy said, smiling warmly.
			"You bet I'll be there - Doubt it'll be as drunken as mine, but that's okay." Trey quipped, causing Chloe to chuckle.
			"And obviously I'll be there - I haven't missed a birthday of yours since we met." Bea smiled.
			"Am I invited too?" Shannon asked timidly.
			"Of course." Chloe smiled, before pausing. "My mum, she... she can be a horrible cow. I... it's up to you if you wanna come, I'd--I'd hate it if she said some bigoted crap and hurt you."
			Shannon shrugged. "For me, that's a Tuesday."
			Chloe smiled warmly. "Thank you all... I'm really happy that I'll have you there."
			She lent into her chair. Despite everything, it was nice to have some normalcy.

		Chloe meets the Knowers
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That afternoon, Naismith stood alone in TO-24's briefing room, facing a wall with notes on it. Mayor Ward entered the room. 
			Naismith clicked his heels and stood to attention, turning to face her. He was wearing sunglasses - to conceal the black-veined eyes of the Super-Agent.
			"As you were." Ward said. Nasmith's posture relaxed slightly.
			"Ma'am. It's good to be back."
			"How are you feeling, Henry?" Ward asked, a hint of concern breaking through her professional, stoic demeanour.
			"I... To tell you the truth, better than ever, ma'am." Naismith began. "Whatever the Werewolf gave me, it's invigorated me. I feel... Well, to coin a phrase, superhuman."
			"And... how is your mental state?"
			"Ironically, better than before. I... I've been struggling with a lack of purpose lately, but this... it feels like a new lease on life."
			"Any... any violent urges?" Ward questioned, getting closer to her point - Is he safe?
			"None, ma'am. I definitely feel more *active,* but in no way am I like the men we've been fighting." Naismith replied firmly.
			"Good to hear." Ward said, clearly relieved. "In that case, please attend my office at 12PM. I've called in the rest of the team - We're having a briefing to assess our next steps."
			"Very good, ma'am." Naismith nodded.

			At the same time, Connor and Chloe were in a supermarket, buying food.
			"Ah - these ones. They're Sparky's favourite." Connor said, picking up some processed meats.
			"Hah - I never imagined you eating this much junk food." Chloe chuckled.
			"It's good for calories - from what I've worked out, I need to eat at least twice as much as a normal person to maintain my edge. Sparky seems to be the same." Connor explained.
			"Well, you definitely make it work. You must work out constantly to keep those muscles." she smiled.
			"Actually..." he began, "I barely work out these days. I go for jogs with Sparky, but that's a mix of patrolling the city, and burning off our energy. I think my muscles just automatically build themselves."
			"Sounds like steroids on steroids." Chloe quipped, eliciting chuckles from both.
			"Come to think of it... I've been given leave from Uni since the incident at Morland - I'm going back after my birthday. When we come back, would you... Would you like to come to the labs there with me?" she asked.
			"Yeah, that'd be good - I was also thinking, can we see what happens when I burn myself? Like, there must be something that gets released there which counteracts the Paradrenaline." Connor nodded, curious himself.
			"That's a very good idea." Chloe replied, eager to find a way to stop him from needing to harm himself. "Maybe there's some mutated endorphin-analogue that flushes the paradrenaline from your brain... Hah, I'm rambling again." she caught herself.
			Connor smiled brightly. "I love it when you talk nerdy." he grinned.
			"Always a charmer, eh?" she winked, smirking.
			The two paid, and walked to Connor's car. Connor was holding all the shopping in his hands.
			Chloe put out her hand, offering to take some shopping. Oblivious to the offer, Connor shifted the shopping into one of his hands, and held her hand with his free one.
			"That's not--nevermind." she smiled warmly.

			Back in Ward's office, TO-24 were assembled and waiting.
			"How are you feeling, sir?" Moffat asked, her voice showing a rare level of compassion beyond her carefree persona.
			"I'm good, Moffie." Naismith smirked, causing her to roll her eyes and chuckle.
			He took off his shades to reveal his eyes. "I'll never be the same man again, but... I'm not too cut up about that."
			Nina gave him a caring glance. "It's... It's good to see you doing so well, sir." she said.
			"If you hadn't covered me there, Nina, I'd be dead. So, thank you." he nodded. Nina smiled proudly.
			"Um... Does anyone know why Ward's called us in?" Lloyd asked nervously.
			"To give us all commendations and cushy desk jobs?" Rogerson quipped. "Hey, a man can dream right?"
			Naismith chuckled. With that, Ward entered. The team snapped to attention.
			"As you were." she said, smiling. "Thank you all again for coming in on short notice. I won't sugar-coat it. It's a fucking mess in this city." she began.
			"The attack on the station - 17 officers lost their lives. And our prisoner - the Super-Agent we captured, the one they came to kill - committed suicide in his cell. So, 17 good men and women died for nothing."
			Ward's face looked more grim than ever. The team looked down at their feet.
			"As if that's not bad enough, I've heard word from station chiefs. Over 40 letters of resignation have been sent in across all departments. Officers are terrified that they could be next. That's not even getting into the fact that so many officers either resigned or were arrested following the Dorsey fiasco." she continued.
			Naismith winced at the news.
			"So, as a result..." Ward sighed, "I have had to make the very, very difficult decision... to bring in outside help. Please come in, Mr. Sokolov."
			With that, Ivan entered the office. TO-24 stood to attention, but Ivan raised his hand in an easing gesture.
			"As you all were." he said. "My name is Ivan Sokolov, codename Troubleshooter. I am the KGB's specialist in all things... mutant." he began, removing his shades to reveal his own black-veined eyes.
			"You..." Nina gasped. "You were there with the Giant, weren't you?"
			"Well met, PS Chowdhury. Congratulations on your promotion. Speaking of... Congratulation on your promotion from mankind to *this,* DCI Naismith." Ivan smirked, turning to face him.
			"The KGB... what's the KGB doing here, Ma'am?" Moffat asked.
			"Mr. Sokolov is, as he said, a specialist in these matters. He has direct contact with the Werewolf, and important intel on the conspiracy we're facing. Mr. Sokolov, please begin your report." Ward answered, sitting down.
			"Thank you, ma'am." Ivan began. "Here." he brought up a slide. "Our enemies. Plague. The Optimates."
			"Who?" Rogerson asked.
			"Fascist billionaires." Ivan replied nonchalantly.
			"What?!" Lloyd gasped.
			"A cabal of the rich elites, dedicated to seizing power. They found something. Something... horrifying." Ivan explained. "Somehow, they discovered the means to change humanity into weaponry. This is where their 'Serum' comes from."
			"The 'Serum' is derived from the Werewolf's blood." Rogerson noted.
			"That's true - which is strange, as we believe that the Werewolf was created from the Serum. They must - they *must* have an original supply somewhere. One they used to make the Werewolf. According to our own studies on my blood, Super-Agents can be used to create serum, though our blood is weak and often causes minor or harmful mutations when used. The Werewolf's blood appears to be 'pure', for lack of a better term. We believe that sufficient injection of the proper serum can make one a 'purestrain' - a being that is to Agents what we are to humans. These 'Purestrains' can be used to create the proper serum." Ivan replied.
			"That, or the Werewolf is the original source." Rogerson shrugged.
			"Nyet - the Werewolf became active after Paladin fielded its first Super-Agents." Ivan said, a flash over his eyes - a memory. For a split second, he was back in Sukhumi in 2009, fighting monster-men. He banished the memory.
			"Hm." Rogerson replied, skeptical.
			"FI Rogerson." Ward said, causing Rogerson to stand to attention.
			"Ma'am. Apologies, Mr. Sokolov."
			"No need. Our knowledge is incomplete. Much of this is theory - hard-earned, but unproven. In truth, we are grasping at shadows, hoping the light reveals something useful. Skepticism is good. Trust nothing without verification. Hah, you'd be good in KGB, Rogerson." Ivan quipped.
			"So, as you were saying, Mr. Sokolov." Ward interjected.
			"Yes, ma'am. The attack at Morland and here was devastating - but Paladin also lost their top Agents. They'll likely start using increasingly unstable strains of mutant to fight us - in particular, unhinged, psychotic creatures, almost forever trapped in a Rage. Such things would be... highly problematic for TO-24 to face on its own. Therefore, I and the Werewolf will be available to the police, to face these monsters for you."

			In an extravagant country home, an old man stood at his balcony, looking out at stretches upon stretches of land.
			The study room behind him had a coat of arms hanging on the walls - the coat of the House of de Vere - the Earls of Oxford.
			A knock on the study door.
			"Enter." he beckoned. A servant came in.
			"Lord Oxford." he began, his voice trembling. "Your... guest is here."
			"Bring him in." Oxford nodded.
			Then entered a monster - grotesque, but thick with muscles. It was nearly 7 feet tall, and had dark grey skin, with blood-red eyes. Its face looked truly inhuman - at once too angular and too smooth, eyes too far apart for a human skull... The only word that could describe it was "alien."
			It took a knee, placing its fist on the ground.
			"Master." it said. Its voice had an ethereal quality - and an uncanny one. Like it was mimicing human speech.
			The old man grinned.
			"The Commandant's little toy has been wreacking havoc." he said.
			"The youngblood?" the creature tilted its head.
			"I'm tired of his vanity project." Lord Oxford shook his own. "It's high time he was reminded that he's not the only player in this game."
			"What would you have me do, master?"
			"Go to Drackhill. Get his attention. Draw him out. And kill him."

		TO-24 Meet Ivan/Shopping
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was late evening now, and Chloe was working on Connor's laptop in his living room, compiling the data they recovered into a single document.
			As she worked, Connor and Sparky entered through the back. Both were in their costumes, and Connor's was noticably singed. They walked in, grabbed the food Chloe left out for them, and ate.
			Chloe looked up, and smiled. "How'd it go?" she asked.
			"Ugh..." Connor groaned. "Word to the wise - petrol bombs sting."
			Chloe smirked. "Damn, there goes my weekend plans."
			Connor chuckled, and began making himself a protein shake.
			Sparky un-morphed his costume, and trotted over.
			"Hi Chloe! We did good today. We fought a bunch of bad guys, and we managed to smash all their guns - so no one will get hurt with them!"
			Chloe smiled, and stroked him. "Well done, buddy."
			Sparky barked happily, jumping up and licking her. Connor came into the living room, now wearing his civilian clothes.
			"Oh god!" Chloe gasped. "Your back!"
			Connor turned his head. "What? What's wrong?"
			Chloe moved him over to a mirror, and pointed out the knife sticking out of his back.
			Connor chuckled. "Sparky? How come you never told me I've been running around with a big knife in my back?"
			"I assumed you knew!" Sparky retorted.
			"Hah! Fair enough." Connor nodded. He reached to grab it, but couldn't quite get to it.
			"It's at an awkward angle..." Chloe shuddered. "I, um... want me to grab it?"
			"Oh, please!" Connor smiled.
			Chloe half-smiled back, and gripped the handle.
			"Okay... 3, 2, 1..." she said, before trying to yank it out. It didn't budge.
			"It's stuck in there..." she shuddered.
			Connor un-morphed his shirt, and pulled his arm out to widen the wound. "Try gripping it as hard as you can, and I'll pull." he said.
			She did this, and it came out.
			"You alright?" she asked worriedly. Connor smiled.
			"Yeah... that feels a lot better."
			Chloe smiled a little more now. She looked at the wound.
			"Oh my god... that's amazing!" she gasped. She pulled out her phone, and started filming.
			"What is it?" Connor asked.
			"The wound... I can see it healing!" she replied, awestruck.
			Connor pulled his arm out to widen the wound. "That a better angle?" he asked.
			"Yes. Yes!" she nodded, zooming in. "I can... this is amazing. I can physically see the flesh almost knitting itself back together."
			"Really?" Connor tilted his head.
			"That's... okay, future Chloe, see that stuff there? That's not blood, that's liquified muscle - look at the fibres inside it. See how it's solidifying into flesh. And..." she noted to herself, before pointing. "Look at the skin re-forming."
			The healing process finished up, leaving a reddish-pink scar.
			"Okay, that'll take a bit longer. I've noticed your body leaves cosmetic damage 'til later." she finished, putting her phone away.
			Connor turned, and chuckled. "I guess looking pretty is secondary to kicking ass, eh?"
			Chloe giggled, then found herself looking closely at Connor's chest. His muscles were incredibly toned - like a marble sculpture. He had next to no real body fat - everything beneath the skin was muscle. The scientist in her was in marvel at this precision-engineered specimen. The human being, the girl in love, however...
			"Like what you see?" Connor smirked, flexing slightly.
			Chloe blushed and looked down. "Oh, uh... Sorry, I didn't mean to stare..."
			Connor laughed, and re-morphed his shirt. "Hah, it's okay. I used to be so scrawny, too - one advantage of the morphing is not having to buy a new wardrobe, haha."
			Chloe chuckled shyly. "I guess it's the mundane things, huh? I've been meaning to ask... what the hell is that thing?"
			"No clue." Connor grinned. "After I escaped the lab, I felt this... pressure, building up under my skin. Like I was going to explode. Then this werid, black, tarry substance erupted from my pores, and covered me in itself, before hardening into some kind of armour. After a little while, I learned how to control it - mimic clothing, or make up a costume, you know?"
			Chloe stroked her chin, with a great deal of awe coming over her face. "That's incredible. I... When we get access to a lab, I'd love to take a look at that."
			
			"Hell yeah!" Connor smiled, and sat down. He groaned slightly as he sat.
			"You okay?" Chloe asked, slightly concerned.
			"Yeah - spine's still hurting from the fall. It's mostly done healing, but some dick decided to offload a shotgun into it."
			"Do you need to get the bullets out?" she asked, putting her hand on his shoulder.
			"Nah, I'm good - none of the bullets went too far in. They've all been pushed out naturally. The real problem was the impact - there's still a couple of spinal fractures that got rocked by the blast." he explained, leaning his head on her shoulder and closing his eyes. Chloe stroked his back.
			"The thing about healing this fast is, it doesn't mean the pain just goes away. It's like my body skips ahead, but my nerves take a while to catch up." he continued, stretching his arms out, before recoiling in pain as his back clicked. "And something as nerve-heavy as the back, well... I'm in no hurry to break that again."
			"Do you want a back rub?" she asked shyly.
			"Hah - that might actually be nice." Connor smiled. He rose, and laid down face-first on the sofa. Chloe stood over him.
			"Okay, let me know when I'm hurting you." she said unsurely. She began to knead his lower back.
			As she traveled closer to his spine, Connor's leg shook.
			"Oh - did that hurt?" she asked, concerned.
			"Nah, that's good actually. Think it's just the nerves tingling." he replied.
			She kept kneading his back, and a loud cracking noise snapped out from his spine.
			"Crap!" she gasped, startled.
			"AaaAaAAh!" Connor yelped, before jumping to his feet. "That... THAT was the spot!" he laughed.
			Chloe laughed too. "You feel better?"
			"Way, *way* better now. I think you clicked something back into place there." he smiled, sitting down - this time much more smoothly.
			Chloe sat down too, and snuggled up next to him. "Well, there's one bonus of me knowing about all this. If I didn't, who knows how long you'd have back-ache."
			Connor nodded, smiling. "Having a sidekick is *sooo* underrated." he quipped. Chloe smirked, and brushed his side.
			Connor squirmed. "Hah! Hey... That tickled." he laughed.
			Chloe paused, eyebrows raised. "You get ticklish?"
			Realisation dawned on his face. "No... Don't you dare..." he began.
			Too late. Chloe pounced, tickling him. He squirmed, cackling like a hyena.
			"HAHAHA! Hey! Stop! HAHAHAA!" he laughed.
			"What's that, Connor? You're ticklish, are you? The big, badass superhero's secret weakness is being tickled, eh?"
			A devious smirk comes over his face, and he brought his hand to Chloe's sides - before tickling her back.
			"HEY!" she screamed. "AAAH! That tickles too! HAHAHA!"
			Sparky jumped up onto the sofa, and started licking Connor's neck. He squirmed again, giving Chloe an opening.
			"HAH! Good boy, Sparky!" she shouted, pouncing on Connor again and tickling him back.
			"HAHAHAHA! Okay, okay! Mercy! I surrender!" he faux-begged, tears of laughter forming in his eyes.
			Chloe laughed, and released him. Sparky trotted over to her, and Chloe held out her fist. Sparky batted it with his paw, and nodded.
			Chloe wiped her eyes. "So, how's it feel to lose a fight for the first time?"
			Connor grinned. "Paladin *wishes* they could beat me like that."
			Chloe laughed, and cuddled up. Sparky jumped up, and curled up on her legs. The three all smiled warmly.

		back rub/tickling
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was early morning.
			Naismith, Ivan, and the rest of TO-24 were observing a brutal crime scene - A man was hanging from a street light, strung up by his own entrails - his mouth had been carved into a smile, and his tongue hanged from a slash in his throat, still attached. Carved into his forehead was the word "PARASITE."
			"Who was this man?" Ivan asked, stroking his beard.
			"Callum Ritter." Naismith answered. "A higher-up in the Patriots. His body was reported an hour ago. We know he had run-ins with the Werewolf before."
			Ivan shook his head. "Wasn't him. Not his style."
			"I know. Callum was too low-level. He sold drugs, not kids. He was a rival to the RS, but it's not like them to sanction a hit like this." Naismith nodded.
			"But look at the way he's been strung up. No human could do that in such a short space of time. This was superhuman. But Super-Agents don't play with their kills like this." Ivan explained, tilting his head.
			"And the writing - is that meant to be a message?" Nina asked.
			"Da. The question is, to whom?"
			As they spoke, a car pulled up. Ward came out. TO-24 stood to attention.
			"As you were." she said wearily, before approaching. "So, team - thoughts?"
			"Ma'am." Naismith began. "Victim is Callum Ritter - a high-ranking Patriot goon."
			"Suspects?" Ward asked.
			"I've been asking Mr. Sokolov about that - the one with most motive would be the RS, but this doesn't seem either theirs nor the Werewolf's style." Naismith replied.
			Ward turned to face Ivan. "I see. Mr. Sokolov, your thoughts?"
			"Ma'am." he began. "I think this was the Optimates."
			"And why is that?" Ward asked, confused.
			"The precision, the message - it's calculated chaos. Classic. They don't just want death; they want division. I think they're trying to push the Patriots to go up against the Redbridge Syndicate, by framing the Werewolf. By doing so, the Werewolf would be forced to defend his friends there, giving Paladin some breathing room."
			"Allowing them to recover from their losses..." Ward realised. "Very well. I'll talk to Vice - from now on, we're going to have to turn a blind eye to Redbridge. I hate to admit it, but they're better than the Patriots - and we don't have the manpower to police the whole city anymore. As for whoever was the killer was, Mr. Sokolov, I would like you to bring in the Werewolf to help us locate him."
			"As you wish, Ma'am." Ivan nodded.
			"Um, ma'am - could I have a quick word in private?" Moffat asked.
			Ward nodded, and the two headed out of earshot of the others.
			"What is the matter, Constable?" Ward asked.
			"Beg your pardon, ma'am..." Moffat began, "But... I'm worried. We're working with the *KGB,* and allowing them to set the terms of our investigation. Worse, you saw his eyes - he's one of them, a Super-Agent. How can we trust him?"
			"I understand your concern, DC Moffat..." Ward sighed, "And I likewise have my concerns. However, the directive to have Mr. Sokolov work with our team came down from not just the Home Office - MI5 asked for this. If MI5 are telling you to let the KGB take the reins, you have to assume there's a very, *very* good reason."
			Moffat smiled softly. "I... Thank you, ma'am. I just needed to know we weren't being played."
			"We're definitely being played. Just not by the KGB." Ward nodded. "Let's get these bastards."
			Moffat saluted. "Ma'am!" she said, and returned to the group.
			Ivan took out his burner phone, and called Connor.

			"So... Olivia, meet Chloe. Chloe, Olivia."
			"Nice to meet you!" Chloe smiled.
			"Likewise!" Olivia bowed her head.
			"Should I say 'Olivia,' or 'Whiplash?'"
			"Olivia's fine." she grinned. "I don't really have much of a secret identity. Before joining the team, I was an assassin. In fact, Connor was my target."
			"That reminds me - who do you reckon would win if we fought again?" Connor grinned.
			"Well, I've got my new powers - and my old ones are stronger now, too." she stroked her chin. "But you've gotten tougher since we first fought. And a lot of my advantage last time was reliant on you not knowing how my powers worked. Once you clocked them, the fight was over pretty quickly."
			"...remind me to fit in some bantering lessons." he quipped. "Anyway, Chloe had some questions about how Espers work."
			"I'm your girl." Olivia nodded. The women sat at a table, while Connor felt his phone ring.
			"Privet, tovarishch!" Ivan began.
			"Ivan - everything okay?"
			"Da, all good - except for the brutal maiming and killing of one Callum Ritter."
			"Who?"
			"You'd recognise the face. He's one of the few remaining Patriot captains."
			"Who killed him?"
			"Don't know - but they tried to make it look like it was you. Can you come down here and have a look? Wear your mask - I'm with Naismith." Ivan explained.
			"On my way." Connor replied, before turning to Sparky and Chloe.
			"Hey... My friend in the KGB just phoned. There's been some killing - they need my help." he explained.
			"Anything I can do?" Chloe asked.
			"I don't think so - just keep tapping away on that laptop." Connor replied, smiling.
			Chloe nodded, and stood up. "When will you be back?"
			"Not sure - hopefully before dark. I've got my burner on me - I'll call you when I know more." he said, morphing his costume up.
			"One thing before you go--" she walked over to him, and pulled up his mask. She put her hands on his cheeks, and pulled him in for a kiss. Connor sank into it, holding her tightly. They broke for air, and embrace.
			"I'll see you tonight..." Chloe smiled, half-happy, half-sad.
			Connor took her hands and smiled back. "See you tonight. Sparky will be around - maybe yous two could go for a jog?"
			"Yeah - that's a good shout." she nodded.
			"See you later, Connor." Olivia waved.
			Connor nodded, smiling. He headed out.

			Ivan beckoned Connor over. "Vanguard."
			"Troubleshooter."
			"Vanguard?" Naismith tilted his head.
			"Detective. You're looking well. Have you had work done?" Connor quipped.
			"Hah... arsehole." he chuckled, before pointing at the body - now taken down and being photographed by FIs.
			Connor crouched, and sniffed deeply, getting a sense of the corpse. "The killer was here not long ago. About an hour, I'd say. I didn't kill him, for the record."
			"We know." Ward began, approaching, and holding her hand out. "Mayor Helen Ward."
			"Yeah, I know who you are." Connor tilted his head, but took her hand and shook it. "I voted for you."
			She couldn't help but crack a smirk. "You also sprung me from an unlawful imprisonment. If you ever run for mayor, you've got *my* vote. Now, Mr. Sokolov here was talking to his friends in the KGB, to see if any of them know of any active Paladin operatives. Mr. Sokolov?"
			"Da, thank you, Ma'am." Ivan began. "We've heard rumours of particularly unhinged specimens - ones who were twisted by the serum into psychotic monsters. That could have done this, in my view."
			Connor opened his mouth to speak, but before he could, PC Lloyd rushed over.
			"Beg pardon, Ma'am - we've just had a call from uniforms in Drury Road, Oscar Place, and Norling Avenue - similar string-ups. All the same MO - and looks like all were done last night. This is a spree killer." he explained.
			"The vics?" Naismith asked.
			"Patriots, based on preliminary findings." Lloyd nodded.
			"He's mocking me." Connor growled. "Or framing me. Those are all in Belson - odds are he'll strike again tonight. And each one was on high-traffic spots. Once it gets dark, I'll patrol Belson on the lookout. Whoever this freak is, he dies tonight."
			Lloyd shuddered in awe, as he heard the Werewolf speak. Ward turned to face Connor.
			"First duty is and always will be preservation of life. Remember that, 'Werewolf.'" she said.
			"I'm preserving lives, don't worry. Four died last night - only one will die tonight." he replied.
			He walked away, and pressed is fingers to his ears.
			"All units, this is Vanguard. Did anyone see any mutilations in Belson last night?"
			"We'd've reported it if we did." Olivia noted.
			"Yeah, we're superheroes *too,* you know." Amy snarked.
			"Me and Predator were running a firearms op." Connor sighed. "Jinx, can you cross-reference the incident reports with Whiplash and Stunlocke's patrol routes?"
			"On it." Shannon audibly nodded.
			"Wow..." Chloe chimed in. "Uh, hey, can you guys hear me?"
			"I can!" Trey grinned.
			"Chloe? Trey?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Oh, sorry - I forgot to mention. I gave them both commlinks this morning." Shannon cut in. "I'll brainstorm some codenames, but for the meantime, stick to direct channel for security."
			"Copy that." Connor nodded, switching channels. "Hey!"
			"Hey!" Chloe smiled. "Sorry, didn't mean to butt in. Just... I didn't realise it was so professional, being a superhero."
			"Amy gives me sass on our main field ops channel - I don't think 'professional' is the right word." he grinned. "This one's a little more complicated than I expected. I'm gonna be out until early hours tomorrow morning."
			"Okay..." she sighed sadly. "Just... be careful, okay?"
			"You know me." Connor smirked. "I'll do my best to come back with all my limbs."
			Chloe chuckled. "How about all your internal organs?"
			"Best not push our luck." Connor quipped back, and both of them chuckled.
			"Predator - you're on guard duty. I'm still not convinced Paladin won't send out a hit." he ordered. "Stunlocke, Whiplash - keep on patrol, but stay out of Belson in case the target's avoiding your routes. I'll stick to rooftop hopping - gliding and biking are too overt. Troubleshooter's back from London now, so he'll report to base and find some site to recon. Jinx, work with Chloe and Trey on the data we got from Morland for now."
			"Sir, yes sir." Amy grinned proudly. "Good hunting, Vanguard."

		The Judge Awakens
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That night, Connor was sprinting, leaping from rooftop to rooftop in a patrol. While running, he heard a scream. He sprinted straight towards the source.
			There, he saw a monster grabbing a man in Patriot leathers. The monster let the man go, and turned to face Connor.
			It was a freak that would make Nosferatu look pretty. Its skin was grey, and its eyes a dark blood-red, blending iris, pupil, and sclera. Its face was only vaguely human - its eyes too far apart, its nose at once too pointy and too flat, its jaw stuttered and spiked. All in all, it could only be described by negation - "Face not-quite-human," "Teeth not-quite-canine," "Frame not-quite-apelike."
			"This is Vanguard. Contact." he whispered in shock.
			The creature turned slowly, its face twisted into a grotesque grin.
			"Greetings, youngblood." it growled, lips curling. "Are you ready for your judgment?"
			Connor raised an eyebrow, taking a step forward. His usual cocky smirk formed. "Who the fuck are you?"
			"I am the Judge." the creature replied, showing its teeth, the grin stretching impossibly wide. "And I am your end, youngblood."
			Connor's smirk deepened. "Oh? Well, if you'll let me be the 'judge' for a second - I find you guilty of being fuck-ugly."
			The Judge's grin faltered for a moment, but then it returned, colder than before. "Such insolence, to curse and demean your natural ruler. Your death has been demanded - thus sayeth the Lord."
			"'The Lord'? You mean the Commandant?" Connor asked, eyebrow raised.
			"Do not dare blaspheme in such ways." the Judge snarled, his voice venomous. "To compare the Lord to the Commandant is to compare a star to a single ember."
			Connor tilted his head, genuinely curious now. "Who were you? What, a preacher?"
			The Judge's eyes narrowed, a cold flicker passing through them. "No. You are mistaken. I do not come to bring the Word to the ears of mankind. I am the Judge. And I find you... guilty."
			His voice hardened, and his grip tightened on his weapons.
			Connor pressed, determined to understand. "But who *were* you?" He gestured toward the creature's horrific form, his voice tinged with real concern.
			The Judge's eyes flared. "Be silent." he snapped, his voice sharp. "Mine eyes have been opened by the Lord, heretic. Do not dare labour under the delusion that you can close them once more."
			Connor stared at him, his expression hardening. "Have it your way." he muttered, his eyes flashing. He morphed his blades, their gleaming edges catching the light. "Let's dance."
			The Judge's grin widened. "I hereby sentence you to death." he said grimly. "May the Lord burn your soul for eternity."
			Without another word, they charged.

			The sound of their blades clashing rang out in the alley as the two monsters collided. The first thing Connor noticed was the Judge's strength - far greater than he expected. The creature moved with unnatural speed, his strikes heavy and relentless. Connor was forced to backpedal, his blades deflecting each blow.
			The Judge struck again, and this time, Connor's parry was too slow. The Judge's blade cut deep into Connor's thigh. Blood poured from the wound.
			Connor swung his blade with a growl, his edge slicing across the Judge's thigh. The creature howled in pain, stumbling back slightly, but the grin never left its face.
			The Judge's next move was swift - he brought his blade down toward Connor's head. Connor reacted instinctively, diving backward, barely avoiding the blow. He threw a knife, but the creature was too fast, parrying the blade with one of its own. The two made eye contact - two predators circling each other, their blades hungry for blood.
			"About time for a challenge." Connor thought, the adrenaline surging through him. His fear was buried deep, hidden beneath the hunger for battle.
			The Judge didn't waste time. He plunged his blade into the ground, sending a shockwave of energy through the earth. The pavement cracked, and gravel flew into the air. With a growl, the Judge charged forward, sweeping his blade up. The gravel cut into Connor's eyes, blinding him momentarily.
			Connor staggered back, wiping the dirt from his eyes, but the Judge was already on him. The second flurry of strikes came fast, and one of them finally landed - cutting across Connor's abdomen. The pain was immediate, sharp, and deep. Blood poured from the wound, but Connor forced himself to focus.
			With a roar, he swung his longblade, the strike strong enough to send a shockwave through the Judge's defenses. The creature blocked the attack, but Connor grinned. It was a feint. He thrusted his shortblade forward, burying it deep into the Judge's abdomen.
			But the Judge didn't falter. His grin only grew wider as he grabbed Connor's blade and pushed it out, his other hand moving faster than Connor could react. In a single fluid motion, the Judge morphed his blades into a spear, thrusting it toward Connor. The weapon drove into his abdomen with brutal force.
			Connor grabbed the spear, pulling himself toward the Judge with a snarl. He morphed blades from his wrists, slashing at the Judge's face. The strike connected, cutting deep, but the Judge simply grinned. He twisted the spear, and Connor felt the blade tear through his insides, sending shockwaves of agony through his body.
			For the first time since starting his quest, real, primal fear crept into Connor's hearts. The blood loss, the agony, the damage...
			Thoughts flooded his mind. His friends. His pack. He couldn't die here. Not like this.
			The Judge morphed his spear back into twin blades, spinning them in the air like a tornado of death. Connor tried to stand his ground, but his legs betrayed him. He was on the edge of collapse.
			Then, with a deafening howl, Connor's eyes flashed red. Rage. The bloodlust took over, drowning out the pain, drowning out the fear. His body surged with raw power, and his vision turned crimson.
			The Judge wiped blood from his mouth, his grin widening. "Now... Now it's a fight." he muttered, his own eyes flashing red with a sudden, dangerous fury. He un-morphed his blades, drawing wristblades in their place.
			The two monsters collided again. Their wristblades clashed in a shower of gore, neither one attempting to block - only strike. Blood splattered across the alley as their bodies were torn. For a moment, the Judge stumbled, his left hand pressing against the stab wound Connor inflicted earlier. But his grin only grew fiercer, and his eyes glowed red.
			For a split second, Connor's mind cleared. "He can Rage too?" The thought barely registered before his feral instincts took over once more. The two continued to clash, a blur of violence and blood.
			The Judge hit harder than anyone Connor had faced before. Each strike felt like it could shatter bone, and Connor was barely able to stay on his feet. But he fought through the pain, launching a haymaker that connected with the Judge's ribcage. He felt something crack beneath his fist.
			For a moment, the Judge faltered, his breath ragged. He straightened, his body obeying his will with terrifying precision.
			Connor didn't realise his mistake until it was too late.
			The Judge swiped, his blade slashing across Connor's throat with terrifying precision. Before he could react, the Judge grabbed his tongue, yanking it out with a sickening pull.
			Then, in one fluid motion, the Judge re-morphed his spear, driving it through Connor's chest.
			Connor howled, the sound tearing from his chest as the spear twisted, shredding his lungs. Blood poured from him in torrents as the Judge raised the spear into the air, a triumphant roar echoing in the alley. His left heart was completely punched out, and his right was horribly mangled to the point of unusability.
			With a brutal, final motion, the Judge drove the spear into the ground, impaling Connor like a trophy.
			Connor's limp body slumped down, blood pooling around him. The Judge stood over him, his eyes returning to their cold, fanatical calm. He chuckled, the sound dark and victorious. He placed a hand on Connor's chin, almost gently.
			"You fought well, youngblood. Though you squander the gifts of the Great One... you fought well."
			Connor tried to speak, to roar, to spit. Something.
			"Shh..." the Judge replied, again with a horrifyingly gentle tone. "Don't be ashamed. You did your best. Nothing that happens after today is your fault."
			Again, another death-rattle came out of Connor's bloody mouth.
			"Hush, now, youngblood." the Judge smiled - not savagely, but warmly - "Go in peace."

			With that, the Judge rose, bowed, and left.
			Connor's limp, apparently lifeless body slid down the spear, making a sickening *squelch* as it hit the ground.
			Must hold on. Must hold on.
			Every cell in Connor's body screamed. Every nerve ending begged him to just let them die.
			Must hold on. Must hold on.
			No oxygen. Only a torn heart for circulation.
			Must hold on. Must hold on.
			Bleeding from every organ. Brain... shutting down...
			Must... hold on...

		Catching the Judge

	Judgement Day
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			It was early hours of the 24th of October, 1996. 03:27 AM.
			A Thursday. The 49th United Nations day, specifically.
			There was a light spatter of rain, but the night sky wasn't too cloudy. Were it not for the city's light pollution, you'd be able to see the night stars with impressive clarity.
			The moon was a waxing gibbous - nearly full.
			And one man remembers all of this. Every detail. He can't forget it.
			No matter how much he wants to.

			Vince's car swerved into the hospital car park, narrowly missing a bollard. Without bothering to straighten into the lines, he burst out of his door, and sprinted like a blur over to the passenger side. He swung the door open, nearly pulling it off its hinges, and pulled his sister Laura from the seat. She was pale, and struggled to keep her eyes open. Blood and amniotic fluid coated her legs.
			"Vince..." she whispered through ragged breaths. "Something... Something's not right..."
			"Shh..." he replied, carrying her to the hospital entrance. "You'll be alright..."
			He made it to the door, kicked it open, and screamed for help.

			Roughly an hour had passed.
			Specifically, it was now 04:42 AM. The clouds had begun to draw in, and the rain was becoming a little stronger. The moon peeked out through the clouds, as though it was too scared to watch.
			Vince anxiously paced the hospital corridors, as Laura's screams filled his ears. A nurse approached him, her face pale.
			"M-mister Barrett?" she asked.
			"Is she okay?" he hurriedly answered, rushing over.
			"There... there seems to be a problem." the nurse admitted. "Laura is suffering from an acute brain haemorrhage."
			"Oh, God..." Vince whispered in shock. "Is... is there anything you can do?"
			"At the moment, we have two options." the nurse began. "We can provide her with medication to stem the blood flow and give her time to recover. However, this medication... it'd be toxic to the baby."
			Vince ran his hands through his hair.
			"Our other option... would be to perform a C-section right away, and try to save the baby. But the additional blood loss... Laura would most likely die."
			Vince agonised over the choice for less than a second. It felt like hours.
			"Save her." he nodded, closing his eyes.
			"Are you sure?" the nurse asked.
			"I'm sure. Save her. Please..." he begged.
			The nurse nodded, and left.

			27 minutes later, the nurse returned.
			"I..." she began, struggling to find the words. "I'm so sorry, Mr. Barrett."
			"No..." he whispered, burying his face in his hands.
			"We did everything we could, but... Laura didn't make it."
			The words echoed in his brain.
			"Can I... Can I see her, please?" he finally asked.
			"Of course." the nurse nodded, ushering him into her room.
			He sat by her side, and squeezed her hand. She was pale and still.
			Vince had always assumed that people would look peaceful in death. But she didn't look peaceful. Her face was still slightly contorted from the pain. Her skin was cold and damp to the touch.
			Vince wept. He howled in pain and sorrow.
			He rested his hand on her abdomen, and...
			He felt movement.
			Kicking. Punching. Flailing, perhaps.
			"NURSE!" he screamed.

			13 minutes had passed, and the nurse arrived - carrying a newborn baby.
			Vince took him into his arms. He looked into the little one's eyes. Icy, steel grey. Pale skin.
			He had his mother's nose. And he had Vince's chin.
			"I know this has been a lot to take in..." the nurse began.
			"I thought he'd've died..." Vince whispered, still in shock.
			"He's very strong." the nurse smiled proudly. "Did you... did you have any idea what name you'd like to use?"
			Vince paused for a moment.
			"She said... if it were a boy, she'd call him Connor."
			"Connor." the nurse smiled. "It suits him."
			She wrote down, placed down a milk bottle, and nodded. "I'll give you both some time. If you need us, ring the bell."
			"Thank you..." Vince nodded back, his voice hoarse.
			He held Connor, and gently stroked his head.
			"Hey, my lad..." he whispered softly. Connor gurgled slightly, half-asleep. Vince passed the milk bottle up to his mouth.
			Connor turned his head, as though trying to avoid it.
			"Hey, buddy... come on, you need it." he whispered again.
			Connor still rejected it, his face scrunching.
			"Hey... I'm sorry..." he sobbed softly. "I know, it should be her..."
			Tears streamed down Vince's face, dropping onto Connor's.
			"Sorry, mate..." he whispered, wiping Connor's face. Connor reached up, his eyes clenched shut, and grabbed Vince's beard, before yanking.
			"Ow!" Vince exclaimed in surprise, before chuckling. "You're a feisty one, eh?"
			Connor, being a baby, didn't reply - but Vince could've sworn he was grinning.
			He pulled him closer, leaning back so Connor could rest on his chest.
			"Shh, shh..." he whispered as he rocked him slowly. He offered the milk bottle once more, and this time, Connor took it.
			"Good lad..." he smiled warmly.

		Connor's birth
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Lord Oxford sat at his desk, holding a golden cube with apparent fascination. It glimmered in the light in an unnatural way. Standing to attention was the Commandant, frozen in place - like he *wanted* to move, but couldn't. Oxford's irises were pulsating violet, glowing in an ethereal way.
			The Judge entered, kneeling down in reverence.
			"Master. The youngblood heathen fought well, but is dead."
			Oxford grinned. "See that, George? In but 48 hours, I have resolved a problem you have spent scores of men and months of time failing to fix."
			The Commandant's icy grey eyes shot a foul look back. The old man waved his hand, his eyes fading back to their yellowish-brown.
			The Commandant breathed at last.
			"Lord Oxford." he nodded disdainfully.
			"I hope this punishment has taught you the values of efficiency and flexibilty, George." Oxford grinned. "You can go, now."
			The Commandant turned, his steel-grey eyes meeting the Judge's red orbs.
			"Do not look at me, abomination." the Judge snarled. "You have been ordered by the Lord to leave."
			The Commandant's lip curled in anger, and he stormed away.
			"Such arrogance..." the Judge hissed.
			"I suppose it *is* a pity." Oxford shrugged. "I thought he'd be stronger, too."

			It was cold evening now. Chloe had grown bored after a day of working on the data, and so took Sparky out for a run.
			She slowed down, and panted for breath, before checking her blood sugar, and then her wristwatch.
			"38 minutes... New record..." she said between breaths.
			Sparky trotted over, and licked her.
			"Well done, Chloe! You're doing really well!" he cheered.
			"Heh... thanks buddy. Right, let's go home. Hey, let's surprise Connor - we'll make him some nice food to come back to." she smiled.
			"Yes, he'd love that!" Sparky barked happily.
			"Hah... besides, he'll probably need it. I bet he's kicking that monster's arse..." she chuckled.

			As she said this, Ivan spotted Connor's lifeless, impaled corpse.
			"VANGUARD!" he roared, rushing over to him.
			"FUCK!" Naismith shouted.
			Ivan gripped the spear and, using all his superhuman strength, pulled it from the ground. The Judge thrusted it into the ground *hard.*
			Connor's limp body flopped onto the ground. Naismith turned him over.
			"Take his arms, I'll take his legs." Ivan commanded.
			"Mr. Sokolov... he's... he's dead." Naismith replied somberly.
			"Nyet. Not dead." Ivan snapped defiantly. "His arms. NOW!"
			Naismith stared deep into Ivan's eyes. "He is *fucking* dead. LOOK AT HIM!"
			"I AM LOOKING!" Ivan barked, before looking back down at Connor's body.
			Naismith looked down too, looking into the hole where Connor's hearts should've been.
			"Holy... Holy shit..." he stuttered.
			"See, Mr. Naismith? Not dead." Ivan sighed.
			Within Connor's chest cavity, there was movement - it was very, very slight, but it *was* there.
			"He's trying to heal. We need to get him to a hospital." Naismith began.
			"Nyet. No hospital. They'll cut him up." Ivan protested.
			"And you have a better idea? Look, you're here on official state business, *da?*" Naismith snarked, trying and failing to pronounce it.
			"Da." Ivan nodded, making a point of saying it properly.
			"Then the Official Secrets Act applies. Come on, let's get him somewhere they at least have some equipment we can try and use."
			With that, the rest of TO-24 arrived.
			"Holy shit..." Moffat said.
			"No..." Nina added, her face pale.
			"He's not dead." Naismith replied. "Come on, we have to get him to the hospital."
			Ivan rose. "I'm going to get a friend - someone who knows this man's biology better than anyone on Earth. Get him safe. If he doesn't make it out alive, we're all *fucked,* understood?"
			"Come on, team. Mr. Sokolov, we'll meet you at Drackhill General - ask for a Dr. Rosenbaum - she's trustworthy." Naismith replied.

			Back at the safehouse, Chloe was making a meal in the staff kitchen - a cheesy pasta bake. She made a point of dropping some grated cheese on the floor every time she put some in the dish.
			"I keep this up, there won't be much cheese for us!" she laughed.
			Sparky lifted his head, having just devoured all the cheese she'd dropped.
			"What's that, bud? You want more cheese?" she smiled.
			"Yes, more cheese please." he begged, putting on his puppy-dog eyes.
			"Awww... Don't give me those eyes, you know they work too well on me... Okay, here you go." she relented, giving him some cheese, which he greedily consumed.
			Chloe squatted down and hugged him.
			"You know, you're such a good boy. I'm really, really glad to know you can understand me." she smiled warmly.
			"I wish you could understand me." Sparky replied, licking her face.
			"Hahah... I wish I could understand you." she said wistfully, before rising and continuing with dinner.

			TO-24 arrived in A&E. They headed to the reception.
			"DCI Naismith, TO-24. Get me Dr. Sarah Rosenbaum." Naismith ordered.
			Dr. Rosenbaum arrived. "Henry, it's been a... oh my goodness, is that..." she gasped upon seeing the Werewolf's body.
			"Yes it is. And he's still alive, Sarah. He needs help."
			"I... Right, this way." she beckoned, as they brought his gurney away.

			Chloe was eating a bowl of the pasta bake, along with Sparky.
			"Nice, eh buddy? Not bad for someone who never cooks." she smirked.
			"It's nice." Shannon smiled, taking a break from her screen to eat at her bowl.
			"Very nice!" Trey grinned, having eaten seconds.
			"How's things out there?" Chloe asked.
			"Not too bad! Olivia and Amy have stopped a couple of muggings. I bet Connor's wiping monster brains off of his boots as we speak." Shannon nodded.
			Chloe chuckled grimly. With that, the door opened.
			Sparky bolted up.
			"Is it safe?" she asked.
			Sparky sniffed, then smiled and headed over to the door, opening it with his paws. He jumped up and licked the person coming in.
			"Hello, Miss Derrington." Ivan entered.
			"Chloe! This is Ivan, he's a friend of ours." Sparky barked happily.
			"Hah, that's right. You might know me as 'Troubleshooter.'" Ivan nodded.
			"Oh, nice to meet you!" Chloe smiled. "Connor mentioned on the radio you'd be stopping by. How's it going out there?"
			Ivan cleared his throat awkwardly.
			"Is everything okay?" Shannon asked, worried now.
			"Connor... He was hurt badly in his last fight. He's alive, but he needs help."
			"What happened?" Chloe asked, her face pale.
			"He was impaled on a spear, and his hearts and lungs were destroyed. We thought he was dead, but... his flesh is trying to heal, even still."
			Shannon gasped. Trey sat down in shock.
			"Oh my god..." Chloe's ears started to ring, and her heart jumped into her throat.
			"We need to hurry. You, Chloe, are the only person on this planet who knows so much about his biology, yet isn't part of the cabal. We *need* your help, now." Ivan said, shaking Chloe out of her stupor.
			She put on her bravest face. "Let's go. Now. If he's trying to heal, there's hope. Without lungs, he'll have no oxygen... We need to get there right away." 
			Sparky whimpered. "I need to help him! We need to help him!"
			"Sorry, tovarishch - they won't allow dogs in hospitals. And PS Chowdhury has seen you before - it could blow Connor's cover." Ivan shook his head.
			"Fuck..." Trey finally whispered. "Please tell me he'll be okay."
			"I'll... I have to go..." Chloe shuddered, her eyes wet.
			"Tell him I love him, Chloe, please..." Sparky begged.
			"You can tell him yourself. I promise." Chloe cried, stroking Sparky, before heading into Ivan's car.
			"Keep me posted on comms." Shannon asked, her face pale.
			"Will do. Don't tell the others - not yet. Not while they're in the field." Ivan nodded.
			Sparky headed to the window, and watched them leave. He let out a mournful howl, as Trey rocked in his seat, and Shannon scratched the backs of her hands.

		Getting Connor to A&E
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Chloe and Ivan sat in the car together, driving to the hospital. Chloe was frantically going through her research notes on her laptop while Ivan drove.
			"So..." Ivan began, breaking the ice. "You known Connor long?"
			"Since October." Chloe replied absently.
			"And... you've been staying with him since the incident at Morland?"
			"Yeah." she said, again focused on her laptop. A tear ran down her cheek, and pooled in her scar. She wiped her eyes, and continued working.
			"Anything useful on that?" he asked, pointing at her screen.
			"I don't know. I'm looking at the analysis we did on the cells from his severed hand. They were weird - like they were in hibernation. I'm comparing that to the data we found on the clones in the facility. It looks like, when Connor's cells are deprived of oxygen, they enter a dormant state - and also, they can use anaerobic respiration to keep working where needed, but it's slower, and the lactic acid buildup can eventually kill them. According to this, when one clone's lungs became unviable from the cancers, it still continued to be active for 5 days until it finally died." she explained.
			"Hah... In Russian, please?" Ivan jested.
			"[Connor's cells can go into a low-energy mode when they don't have enough oxygen. It's like putting them into sleep - they can still function, but not at full speed. They use a backup system to keep things running, but it's inefficient. The downside is that it leads to a buildup of toxins that can eventually kill the cells.]" she said nonchalantly.
			Ivan looked at her, surprised. "[You speak Russian?]" he asked.
			"Da."
			"[Well, it sounds like you're saying we need to get him oxygen so his cells can wake up and heal him properly, right?]"
			"[Yes, that's right.]"

			In the hospital, Dr. Rosenbaum looked at Connor's body, confused. Naismith was with her.
			"So... He's healing?" she asked.
			Naismith nodded. "See the movement? He's at least alive."
			"Okay... I don't know how to speed up his healing, but we can at least keep an eye on his vitals." she said, hooking up EEG stickers to Connor's head. To do so, she pulled off his mask - blessedly, his face was mangled beyond recognition.
			Naismith looked at his face, and shook his head. "At least no one will ID you from that, mate." he said grimly.
			"I have to ask, Henry..." Rosenbaum began. "What is that on your eyes?"
			"I, um..." he sighed. "I was dying. He saved me."
			Rosenbaum swallowed, and took a deep breath. "Well, let's return the favour." she nodded.
			Naismith nodded back, and left the room, returning to his squad.
			"Sir." Nina whispered, still in shock.
			"Nina... You can all go home now. There's nothing we can do." Naismith said sadly.
			"Are you sure, sir?" Nina asked.
			"I'm sure. The medics are doing all they can. I'll stay here in case there's any changes - I'll call Ward in the morning with an update. Phone me if anything changes." he replied.
			With that, the team nod, and take their leave.

			Chloe and Ivan entered the hospital.
			"[Okay, remember, you're not here as Connor's girlfriend. You're here as a scientist who works with the Werewolf. Naismith will be there, but don't worry, he's even more connected to us than you are. We just need to make sure no one knows it's Connor under that mask.]" Ivan explained.
			"Got it." Chloe replied in English.
			With that, they arrived. Naismith stood.
			"Chloe? What are you doing here?"
			"I, um... I didn't tell you this before, officer. But I've been working for the Werewolf for a little while now. I've told no-one, but Ivan here wanted my help trying to patch him up." Chloe said, as confidently as she could muster.
			"Well, great... It's good to have some specialist expertise. Dr. Rosenbaum just left, she's been adding EEG machines to his room. Go take a look - we'll wait out here. Let us know whatever kind of equipment you think you'll need." Naismith replied, glad to see her.
			"Thanks..." Chloe said, mentally preparing herself to see Connor's state.
			Nothing could have prepared her.
			
			She entered the room, saw his body, and she froze.
			"Connor... No..." she whispered, before steeling herself. No time for panic. He needed her.
			She looked at his EEG stats - they were the equivalent of a coma patient.
			"Thank god..." she sighed in relief. Even with no oxygen, his brain was still running *at all.* He might just survive.
			She looked into his chest cavity. By some miracle, his secondary, right-side heart was still beating. Not enough, but there was a spark of life inside it. It was smaller than his primary heart - which allowed it to be missed by the stab.
			She went outside, and saw Ward talking to Ivan and Naismith.
			"Hello?" Ward asked, her eyebrow raised.
			"This is a specialist of ours." Ivan cut in. "Chto vam nuzhno, Chloe?"
			Chloe paused. "Mne nuzhno oborudovaniye dlya dializa, i apparaty, kotoryye oni ispol'zuyut dlya podderzhaniya kisloroda v krovi do perelivaniya." she answered.
			"She needs dialysis equipment, and blood oxygenators." Ivan relayed.
			"Got it. Dr. Rosenbaum?" Ward asked, turning to Rosenbaum.
			"Yes, ma'am?"
			"I need dialysis equipment and blood oxygenators. And..." Ward's voice turned to a conspiratorial whisper, "This is all covered by the Official Secrets Act. Do not divulge to anyone who is staying here."
			"Don't worry, ma'am." Rosenbaum replied. "Strictly confidential. I'll get those devices now."

			Chloe tried to jury-rig the machines to supply oxygen to Connor's bloodstream in lieu of working hearts or lungs.
			"Your circulatory system is doing good... Your backup heart must be working extra hard. But if I don't get this oxygen transfer working, you won't heal in time. Think, Chloe..." she muttered to herself, overlooking his stats.
			She tinkered away, managing to get the oxygenators to pass oxygen into the blood as it went through the dialysis machine.
			"That should give you the boost you need. Your metabolism's high, so the lactic acid build-up from anaerobic respiration will make things worse if I don't keep the blood oxygenated." she said, trying to reassure herself. She took a look at the hole in his chest.
			"I can see your cells trying to repair the tissue there. But if your metabolic system can't keep up with the damage, you're going to crash."
			She poked her head out the door. "I need an IV drip, and a load of food paste." she said. Ivan nodded, and before long, the required material was delivered.
			She looked over his EEG stats.
			"Your brain is running, but anaerobic respiration isn't perfect. It's like... parts of you are burning out to keep you alive. Looks like only the amygdala is actually running...  Your brain is intact, even after all this damage. I thought the trauma would've wiped you out, but you're still going. Your body is literally fighting to stay alive." she observed.
			"Even broken like this, your body's incredible. It's like it doesn't know how to give up. Heh... You're just as stubborn as ever." she chuckled grimly.
			"Brainwaves are minimal, but consistent. If I can get enough oxygen in your system for your brain to wake up a little more, it'll be able to start directing your healing again, and we'll have a virtuous cycle there... *If* I can handle the oxygen."
			She shook her head. "No. I can do this. I have to."
			"Need a hand?" Ivan asked, popping his head in.
			"I..." Chloe thought for a moment, and looked down at Connor's body. "There's rib-bone in his chest cavity, where his hearts need to be. My hands are too shaky - can you remove the bone fragments? I'll keep working on these."
			Ivan nodded, and grabbed a pair of tongs to remove the bone.
			Chloe moved back over to the dialysis machines.
			"Lactic acid buildup. Thankfully, your kidneys are still intact." she mused. She tinkered further, rigging the oxygenators to provide oxygen straight into his bloodstream.
			Ivan looked over at Chloe, noticing the tension in her posture. "You're doing everything you can." he said, his voice steady but gentle. "He's lucky to have you."
			Chloe nodded without looking up, her fingers still working.
			A beeping noise came from the machine.
			"Shit!" she gasped, rushing over to it. "Damn it... his secondary heart isn't pumping enough. His blood's getting oxygen, but it's not moving around fast enough."
			She trembled. "Think, Chloe... *think.*" she whispered to herself. She turned to Ivan.
			"We need to move him into surgical theatre." she began. "They'll have machines there that they use during heart transplants to keep the blood flowing. We can use those to sub in for his primary heart. Together with his spare heart, his blood should flow again."
			Ivan clenched his jaw. "We can't move him. It's too dangerous - people could see him."
			"And if we don't do anything, he'll die." Chloe retorted, a tear forming in her eye. "Ivan, please..."
			Ivan sighed. "I'll see if I can get them to take the machine here." He headed out.
			10 minutes passed, as Chloe tried to flush out the lactic acid buildup as much as possible.
			"I need to do this..." she muttered to herself. "Come on, Connor... Work with me."
			She grabbed a needle and thread.
			"Okay... Steady hands." she whispered, and sewed his lungs shut again. She struggled against the superhumanly tough tissue, but managed to close up the wounds.
			Once the final suture was made, she leant back. Connor took a breath - ragged, bloody, and barely anything - but it was something.
			With that, Ivan came in, holding the heavy machinery. They hooked it up to Connor's chest cavity, and his skin began to look less pallid.
			She looked over at his stats, and his blood oxygen levels were rising. She breathed a sigh of relief.
			She looked deeper into his wound - the gaping hole in his chest. The movement within had gotten faster, more meaningful.
			"Okay..." she sighed. "Your blood should be flowing a little better now. And... yes, your leg muscles have gotten smaller. You're repurposing flesh to rebuild."
			"I'll give you a moment with him." Ivan nodded respectfully. "I'd better let the others know."
			"Thanks..." she whispered softly, as he left.

			Ivan's car pulled up outside the safehouse. He took a deep breath, and opened the door.
			"Hey!" Amy waved, still in her powersuit. She took off the helmet. "Just got back from patrol. Sparky and Trey popped out for some air, if you're looking for them."
			"How's Connor getting on?" asked Olivia, peeling off her domino mask.
			"You haven't told them?" Ivan tilted his head.
			"I thought you should." Shannon shrugged.
			"Told us what?" Amy cocked an eyebrow.
			"He's hurt." Ivan sighed. "Badly. Chloe's with him in the hospital now. We can't go visit, in case we blow his cover - or ours."
			"Fuck..." Amy gasped, pale as a ghost. "We... we gotta do something. Where's the freak that did this?!"
			"That's another thing..." Ivan rubbed his eyes. "No one patrols until Connor recovers. There's a monster on the loose, and it's strong enough to nearly kill our best operative."
			"We can't just sit here doing nothing." Olivia protested.
			"I'm sorry." Ivan shook his head. "We can't take that risk. Once Connor's okay, we can assesss the situation, plan an counterattack... until then, we're benched. All of us."

			She sat on the chair next to him, and rested her head on his arm. Finally, she started to cry. Not just cry, but sob.
			"Connor... You have to survive this. You can't do this to me. You can't make me fall in love with you and then go and die. You can't leave me like this... I need you. So, you're going to get up, aren't you?"
			She leaned back, realising what she'd said - she hadn't admitted it to herself yet.
			"I love you, Connor. Please wake up soon." she pleaded, before resting her head on him again, and falling asleep.

		Connor's recovery
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Some time passed. Chloe was looking in a microscope - several differnet lab equipments had been delivered to Connor's room. Sparky was lying on Connor's legs.
			Connor was laid on the bed still, the hole in his chest having healed somewhat - a vestigial heart had started to grow back, and his lungs were no longer visible - he was breathing unaided now. The machines continued to provide him with oxygen and nutrition.
			Suddenly, the EEG reader made a beeping noise. Chloe rushed over. Her hair was frazzled, and her eyes bagged - she hadn't slept a wink.
			The EEG reader showed an increase in brainwaves - Connor had moved from deep coma to dreaming. She smiled sadly, and stroked his hair.
			"Sweet dreams..." she whispered. Connor's face was still badly mangled, but he was recognisably Connor again. The hole in his throat had closed up, and his tongue had grown back.
			Ivan entered the room.
			"Privet, Chloe." he began. "How is he?"
			"Privet." Chloe nodded. "He's okay, considering. His lungs are healed enough for him to breathe on his own, and his amygdala is fully online again - he's rebuilding himself. He's just started dreaming." she explained.
			"Excellent." Ivan smiled. "Knew it would take more than that to keep him down."
			He looked over to Sparky and scratched his ears. "Good boy." he chuckled. "Good thing we got this private room. Would have been awful if he had to stay at the house."
			Chloe looked down at Connor, and sighed. "I've... I've never seen him this badly wounded. Have you?"
			"Not this bad, but close." Sparky whispered. "On a mission in Chechnya. Tank shell took off his left arm, and grenades left his entire intestine on the floor. But he even recoverd from that after a few hours."
			"Chechnya... Zamaldayev?"
			"Da - you know that monster's name?" Ivan said, surprised.
			"Connor mentioned him. My family's nurse - she was in the Red Army during the Battle of Grozny." Chloe explained.
			"Really? Grozny was a horror show." Ivan shuddered. "I was Regimental Commissar back then. Our dammned *suka* of a general tried to run away, so I shot him."
			Chloe leant back, surprised. "That was you? She told me stories - about a commissar who shot the general, and rallied the troops to victory."
			Ivan chuckled modestly. "I was just one man. It was the whole 9th Division that won that battle. Which unit was she in, may I ask?"
			"3rd company, under general Lebedev." Chloe smiled nostalgically.
			"Not Sergeant Popova?" Ivan gasped.
			"You know her?" Chloe tilted her head.
			Ivan chuckled. "Everyone at Grozny knows of the Modern Demina!"
			Chloe smiled. "She hates that nickname, you know."
			Ivan grinned. "Well, Zamaldayev's gone now. We can thank Connor for that."
			Sparky looked up.
			"And you, little wolf." he smiled. He hesitated, and turned to Chloe.
			"Do you think he'll wake up soon?"
			"Yeah... I reckon so." she nodded.
			"I'll call the team - get them to show up - in costume, of course - so they can be there when it happens."
			Chloe smiled softly, looked down again, and held Connor's hand, her breath catching as his EEG spiked again.
			"I found something else, too..." she began.
			"Oh?" Ivan asked.
			"He's growing new hearts. His secondary heart was only enough to maintain blood flow at a coma-level. I've found some vestigal tertiary hearts growing in his abdomen, and his limbs." she explained.
			Ivan raised his eyebrows. "Wish I could do that." he quipped.
			Chloe chuckled softly, and looked down. Connor twitched slightly.

			The room was dark. Connor was chained up, and being beaten with stun batons. His vision flickered red, the chains biting into his wrists. Each crack of the stun baton felt like fire searing through his veins. He tasted blood, sharp and metallic, as his screams echoed in the cold, unyielding chamber.
			He screamed in pain. Dr. Zhao stood there, wincing. He looked over his computer sreen.
			"Xeno-adrenaline levels rising. Subject is approaching full activation."
			"Keep hurting him." the Commandant growled, smirking. "Judge - do it."
			The Judge skulked in from the shadows, holding a syringe.

			Back to the hospital room, Chloe looked over the EEG machine.
			"Not just a dream... A nightmare." she observed. She squeezed Connor's hand. "Wake up, Connor... please..." she begged.
			"Oh my god..." Amy gasped, rushing in. She wrapped Chloe in an embrace.
			"Hey..." Chloe whispered.
			"Thank you... thank you for helping him..." Amy shuddered, tears running down her cheeks.
			Trey and Shannon came in, too. Shannon squeezed his hand as he looked down at his best friend's body.
			"Fuck..." he shook his head.
			"How is he?" Olivia asked.
			"Better." Ivan nodded.

			The Judge approached Connor and stabbed him in the neck with the syringe. For a second, Connor shifted into his fight with the Judge, as he slit his throat and ripped out his tongue. He shifted back as the syringe was pulled from his throat. The memories were jumbled.

			With that, Connor jolted awake. Chloe and Ivan jumped back, startled.
			"JUDGE." Connor spluttered, spitting out blood. "Where is he?"
			"Connor..." Chloe uttered in shock.
			He looked around. "Chloe... Where... Where am I?" he asked, confused.
			"You're okay, you're in hospital." Amy quickly nodded. "It's okay, no one knows it's you."
			"Ivan managed to get us a private room, and I managed to get you through the worst of the healing. How... How do you feel?" Chloe asked, fearing for Connor's mental state.
			"I... I feel... AAAGH!" Connor grunted, the pain in his chest finally hitting him.
			"Connor!" Trey gasped, rushing to his side. Sparky licked Connor's wound.
			"What happened to me..." he asked, groaning in agony.
			"The monster, he... He impaled you. Punched your heart right out, and tore your lungs to shreds." Chloe explained, her hands shaking.
			Connor's face turned pale. "He's alive?"
			"Da." Ivan nodded. "He's been on a killing spree while you've been out."
			Connor rose, blood spraying from his open chest.
			"Connor, no! Don't get up!" Amy barked.
			"I have to." he began, clenching his jaw. "Every second I stay on this bed, more people will die."
			"You'll die if you try and fight him again!" Sparky begged.
			"How long have I been out?" Connor asked.
			Chloe and Ivan looked at each other, worried.
			"How long?" Connor repeated.
			"Connor..." Shannon began. "You, um... You've been out for 3 days."
			Terror washed over Connor's face. "No... No, no... How many has he killed?" he finally asked.
			"Damn it, Connor!" Chloe snapped, with the kind of anger only worry can bring. "You could have died! Hell, you basically *did* die! Why don't you care more about that?! How can you only care about this mission?!"
			"Chloe..." Connor's voice cracked as he looked at her, his hand trembling. "I don't want to leave you again, but I can't stand the thought of more people suffering because of me. I'm only one life. As long as the Judge is still out there, more people will die. If I get up and fight him, some of them might live. Maybe not many, and maybe not for long. But it's the best I can do. My life... It doesn't matter compared to that."
			"It matters to me!" Chloe replied, teary eyed. "Why do you have to be the hero?!"
			"Because it's the right thing to do." he said, rising to his feet. He pulled off the monitoring equipment, and morphed up his costume. The costume struggled to form, but managed to cover him once more.
			"Connor... I am begging, *begging* you. You cannot do this--" she pleaded, but Connor cut her off.
			"I have to do this!"
			"LISTEN TO ME!" she barked. "You cannot do this *alone.* And you wanna know something? You're not alone."
			Sparky jumped up, licking Connor's face. "You're not alone. You have us all."
			Ivan nodded. "I'm with you until the end, bratan."
			"Damn right." Olivia nodded.
			Connor sat back down on the bed, and sighed. He reached his hand into his chest, and rubbed his growing heart.
			"Now..." Chloe began, taking a deep breath. "I've been going over your body ever since the fight. The Judge must be stronger than you, or at least of comparable strength. However, it looks like... I can't explain it, but while you were in the coma, your muscle density nearly doubled. Maybe, when you suffer near-fatal trauma, your body rebuilds itself stronger than before."
			Connor looked at her, deep in thought. "So, you're saying... I'm stronger?"
			"Yes, but don't get cocky. Just because you're stronger doesn't mean you're invincible."
			"I underestimated the Judge once. I will *not* let that happen again." Connor vowed.
			"Also - I was looking at your cells after you were brought here. It's... remarkable. Your body simply refused to die." she said, astonished.
			"How do you mean?" Connor asked, head tilted.
			"I mean, your non-essential cells entered dormant states to avoid using up energy - and, for the record, the cells your body considers 'non-essential' is pretty revealing on its own. Practically everything except your amygdala, your backup heart, and your bone marrow, was all shut down. The lactic acid buildup you had - it would have caused any human cell to enter apoptosis almost immediately. But yours just kept on going. You've, um... You've had some damage to the amygdala, but that's mostly healed now. Still, your reflexes and motor control will be impaired somewhat."
			"And the hole in my chest?" Connor asked.
			"Healing - but you're in a bad way, Connor. You can't fight like this."
			"Not alone, he can't." Ivan nodded.
			"Guys..." Connor began. "The Judge is something else. There's no way you'll survive a fight with him. Sparky, maybe, but you guys... No offence."
			"None taken, tovarishch." Ivan chuckled. "We need a strategy."
			"Ivan..." Chloe began, "He can't fight. Not yet."
			"It's his choice." Ivan countered.
			Sparky looked up at Connor.
			"I'll fight with you. I'll harass this 'Judge' while you go in for the kill. Just... be careful, okay?"
			"I'm not going to be in the melee. I'll take sniping point - keep him busy with that." Ivan nodded.
			"I'll provide telekinetic support." Olivia nodded. "Make your hits harder, and his veer off."
			"And my Pulsar should give you some openings." Amy added. "We can do this if we all go together."
			"...I guess me and Shan can provide moral support." Trey snarked.
			"We've been working on some improvements for Amy's suit." Shannon smiled. "We'll retrofit them on right away."
			Connor smiled softly. He looked up at Chloe.
			"Connor..." she began.
			"Guys... can you give me and Chloe a minute?" Connor asked. They all nodded, and left.
			
			Chloe sat on the bed, next to Connor.
			He put his arm around her, and she hugged into him, and began to cry.
			"I'm sorry..." he began.
			"Do you even realise how fragile you looked lying here? For once, you weren't indestructible. You weren't a hero. You were just... you. And I was terrified I wouldn't get you back."
			"I know... And I hate the thought of making you scared. But... I have a mission. These monsters will keep killing people - and their victims stay dead."
			"I thought I'd lost you. How often do you get hurt this badly?" she asked.
			"This has been one of the rougher weeks." Connor quipped. "Sorry, bad time for a joke."
			Chloe chuckled anyway, allowing the moment.
			"So, um... Three days. How's the city been?"
			"There's been a few more attacks. Ivan's had the others benched for the time being, but people haven't realised yet. There's rumours that the string-ups were one of you guys, so common criminals are afraid you've started killing them, too."
			"Fuck... that's very bad." Connor shuddered. "How's Bea been?"
			"I told her you're away for work, with no signal. And I said I've been transferred to a new lab here in the hospital. I... I hate lying to her." she admitted. "She's worried, though. About the city, and... well, she can tell that we're all upset."
			"...I'm sorry for making you lie. Once this is done... I'm done with the lies."
			Chloe hugged him tightly. "You don't have to do this, Connor."
			"I know I don't." he nodded. "But if you could do what I can, wouldn't you do this?"
			Chloe paused, and sighed. "I can't fault you for that. I... I suppose I would. Just..." she took a moment, and placed her hand on his heart - more literally than usual.
			"I hate that I understand why you do this. I hate that I see the person you are - the person who would sacrifice everything to protect others - and I know I'd never ask you to change. I wish you never got these powers of yours - but you do have them. And that means you have a responsibility to use them. And if you weren't the kind of guy to feel that way, then I probably never would have fallen in---" she caught herself. It was harder to spit it out when he was awake. "...Fallen for you. But it doesn't make this any easier, Connor." she said. "I'm torn. I feel angry that you're out there risking your life, guilty for me being so selfish... When I'm with you, I feel... I feel like I'm keeping you away from the people who need you, who *really* need you. But... *I* need you! And I'm useless to you."
			"You're not." Connor replied firmly. "You... my time with you is what keeps me human. If I didn't have you, if I was the Werewolf all the time, well... I wouldn't be Connor. I'd be no different to Paladin - a killing machine. The only difference would be who I kill, and what for."
			"I..." Chloe began. "I just feel so powerless watching you fight, knowing I can only help from the sidelines. I can't fight these things! I can study you, but what good am I from here?"
			"I have an idea." Connor tilted his head. "I know what you're like - you took a look at the paradrenaline in my system, right?"
			"Yeah - I was trying to find a way to stimulate it to help you heal quicker." she replied.
			"And did you find anything else?"
			"I... yes!" Chloe said, realising. "Hang on..." 
			She went through the notes she'd taken through the process. "Here! The endorphin-analogue that counteracts the paradrenaline. Your body kept almost rinsing your head with it - thank god it did, or you'd have had a seizure, or a stroke. In fact, I think this substance is what put you in the healing coma."
			She showed him the paperwork. As she explained, her demeanour shifted - more confident, less vulnerable. This was her element.
			"EEGs showed you were in severe pain - so we tried giving you anaesthetics, but your body just metabolised them instantly. It's all a part of this intracellular communication you seem to have - your body recognises when a substance has foreign origins, and immediately moves to neutralise, expel, or digest it. But..."
			She turned the page, and pulled out a syringe.
			"This stuff here." she pointed. "The endorphin analogue. Because I synthesised it from your own endocrine system, your body recognised it as coming from itself. So I cooked up a high enough dose, and that seemed to calm you down a notch. Slight problem though - it's brought your paradrenaline way down. I'd need to synthesise more if you wanted to use your Rage."
			Connor paused, deep in thought. "So... that's the substance that counters the paradrenaline? And can you synthesise more of it?"
			"Yes - in a couple hours, I could make a full dose."
			Realisation dawned on his face. "The Judge will be out again in a few hours. Before we head out, can you make enough paradrenaline to trigger the Rage? And... a full dose of the endorphins?"
			"Yeah, absolutely. I'll crack on now." Chloe said, brushing away her tears and squaring her shoulders.
			Connor rose, a soft smile breaking through the pain on his face. He pulled Chloe into a hug, holding her tightly. She returned the embrace, not wanting it to end.
			She swallowed hard, resting her forehead against his. "Rest while you can. I'll handle this."
			Connor nodded, stepping back. As he laid back down, Chloe sat at her makeshift lab station, her hands trembling for only a moment before she steadied them. She glanced back at him, then down at her notes. Her jaw set with quiet determination.

		Connor wakes up
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The Riverside Squad stood on a junction in the night-time, ready for war.
			Ivan adjusted Isabella's scope, and checked her ammunition. Olivia's eyes flexed violet as she made a dust devil at the ground, readying her powers. Amy's gauntlets crackled as she drew the Pulsar and the Vibroblade, holding them like a pirate holds a flintlock and cutlass.
			Connor and Sparky, meanwhile, felt their costumes ripple and morph with fury. Connor reached to his belt, checking the two metal syringes attached.
			Then, a black car pulled up to the group. They readied their weapons, as Naismith stepped out.
			"Evening, guys." he nodded. He was kitted out in tactical armour, and held a police-issue assault rifle. His black veins pulsed in readiness.
			"Detective? What are you doing here?" Connor asked.
			"Helping." he nodded. "You may be the vigilantes, but this is *my* city too. And in case you forgot, some dickead gave me superpowers too."
			"It's dangerous." Connor shook his head.
			"It's my job." he stood firmly.
			Ivan shrugged. "Welcome to the team. Here's an earpiece."
			"I guess that's my queue." Shannon chimed in. "All units, this is Jinx - radio check."
			"Vanguard, reporting."
			"Troubleshooter. Heading to my overwatch position now."
			"Stunlocke. I'm here."
			"Whiplash, ready."
			"Sparky--Uh, I mean Predator. Here."
			"'Detective,' on site." Naismith grinned.
			"Thanks. I've hacked into the traffic control system - diverted all traffic away from your location. Collateral damage shouldn't be too much of a concern - but try not to level the block, while you're there."
			"Civilian presence?" Connor asked.
			"Should be none - the only buildings nearby are shops, which are all closed."
			"Good."
			"Remember - it's gonna be chaotic with you all there. So any non-Werewolves, keep your distance, and watch your fire." Shannon nodded. "Good luck, guys."
			"Good - I'll get set up on the rooftop with Isabella. These rounds are carbon-tipped - I'll make sure they hit him, not you." Ivan explained.
			"That would be nice." Connor chuckled, his hand touching his chest. The hole had closed, but there was still a deep indent where his hearts were. His ribcage hadn't grown back yet.
			"One more thing - forget about honour. No theatrics, no cheesy one-liners, and absolutely no one-on-one - we're not here to play games, we're here to kill." Shannon said, firmly.
			"Got it." Connor nodded.
			"Let's get this bastard." Sparky growled.
			Ivan scaled the nearby building, and took point.
			Connor took a deep breath, and arched his head upwards.
			"JUDGE!" he roared. "COME OUT HERE, AND FINISH WHAT YOU STARTED!"

			Before long, the Judge glided over. He landed on the ground, drew his blades, and snarled.
			"Heretic. You're supposed to be dead."
			"Yeah. I've got a bad habit of not dying when I'm supposed to." Connor quipped.
			"What did we say?" Shannon muttered over the earpiece.
			Connor chuckled. "Sorry, Jinx. Old habits die hard - unlike me."
			"Stop quipping and kill this *suka,* tovarishch." Ivan chimed in.
			Sparky looked deep in the Judge's eyes, and growled.
			"A welcoming party! I'm honoured." the Judge grinned. "Today, I kill six heretics. Thank you for the opportunity."
			At that, a van roared into the scene, and a squad of armed men - Super-Agents - poured out.
			"What are your orders, Master?" one asked.
			"Oh, look at them." the Judge chuckled. "Did you think I wouldn't bring my own underlings?"
			"Shit..." Shannon gasped. "Detective, Stunlocke, Whiplash - focus on the Agents. Werewolves, take on the Judge. Troubleshooter, cover both teams."
			"Prinyal." Ivan nodded.
			Connor drew his own blades. Him and Sparky charged forwards.

			The clash was brutal. The ground shook with the force of their first strike. Connor's raw strength met the Judge's calculated ferocity, blades singing as they collided. Sparky pounced, raking his claws across the Judge's face. First blood - Sparky's claws tore through the Judge's skin.
			The Judge retaliated, his blade cutting across Sparky's face. Sparky howled in pain but sank his fangs deep into the Judge's arm, refusing to let go.
			Connor took the opening, driving his shortblade into the Judge's abdomen. It went deeper than before, but not deep enough. The Judge brought his own blade down with terrifying speed, carving through Connor's face in a brutal strike.
			Then - BANG!
			A sniper round slammed into the Judge's leg, sending him stumbling back with a howl of rage. His eyes ignited with a fiery, bloodshot glow as he snapped, grabbing Sparky by the scruff and hurling him with monstrous strength into a nearby wall, the impact cracking the stone. Sparky crumpled to the ground, dazed but not defeated.
			Ivan fired again, but the Judge, now fully enraged, moved with unnatural speed. He sliced the bullet in mid-air, sending it careening harmlessly into the night.
			"I'm not leaving you." Sparky growled, his voice strained as he dragged himself to his feet despite the blood pooling beneath him.
			With a renewed snarl, he lunged, locking his jaws around the Judge's legs. The move forced the Judge to stumble, giving Connor the perfect opening.
			He pulled a syringe from his belt, and with a scream of pure rage, he jabbed it into his side. The Paradrenaline Chloe had made for him surged through his veins, transforming him in an instant. His eyes glowed crimson, his muscles bulging with the raw power of the Rage.
			The Judge watched, amused. "So... you think you can match me in this state?" he sneered.
			Connor charged. The two monsters collided again, blades shattering on impact. The berserkers were now locked in a deadly, clawing battle, their strength far beyond normal limits.
			Ivan cursed under his breath, trying to get a clear shot, but the chaos of the battle made it impossible. "Chyort voz'mi... Kill him, Connor."

			Across the street, the more mundane heroes clashed with the Super-Agents.
			Naismith charged in with his riot shield, deflecting a blow and pressing his pistol into an Agent's abdomen, before firing. At such range, the Agent's kevlar was useless, and he crouched in agony. An arrow from Olivia shot right through his head, finishing him.
			Naismith pushed through the chaos like a battering ram. A Super-Agent swung a baton down at his head; he angled his riot shield just enough to catch the impact and roll it off-line, then drove forward with a brutal shield-bash that folded the Agent backward over a parked car. Naismith didn't pause to admire it - his pistol was already up. Two controlled shots punched through the gap under the Agent's armour, dropping him where he fell.
			A second Agent rounded the corner and opened fire. Naismith ducked behind the shield as rounds hammered it, then snapped his rifle up one-handed and fired through the recoil gap in the enemy's stance. The shot caught the Agent in the shoulder joint, spinning him off balance. Naismith advanced through the opening, stepping in close and finishing with a point-blank shot before the man could recover.

			Olivia moved differently from everyone else - less like she was dodging, more like the world was obligingly getting out of her way. Incoming fire bent off-course in mid-air, trajectories shifting just enough to miss her by inches instead of impact. She exhaled once, and the air around her tightened, attentive.
			Her bow was already drawn.
			She didn't aim in any conventional sense. The arrow left the string and curved through the chaos in a smooth, deliberate arc, slipping between two Super-Agents and punching through a visor seam. The target dropped without time to react.
			A second Agent rushed her. Olivia snapped her wrist and a whip cracked out, snapping around his rifle mid-swing. She twisted, and the air itself seemed to assist the motion - wrenching the weapon aside and pulling the Agent off balance. A follow-up pulse of compressed air struck him square in the torso and threw him back into a concrete wall.
			A throwing knife was already in her hand. It left in a fluid motion, slipped through moving armour gaps and buried itself in an exposed joint, dropping another Agent mid-step. 
			A third closed in fast, trying to overwhelm her at close range. Olivia met him with a sharp burst of wind that broke his footing, then followed with a whip strike that wrapped around his neck and, with a sickening crunch, ended him.

			Amy fired her Pulsar at an armed Agent, before her Vibroblade sliced the head off of another. But then, she felt a slam into her chest.
			She fell to her back, and looked up. This Agent had a breaching axe, which he swung down again. This time it landed on her helm.
			The visor cracked as her cerametallic headplate bent. The force hit her in the skull, and her vision went blurry. She frantically scrambled at her belt, reaching for something.
			A third swing - this one to her neck. The armour held, but barely. She choked and spat as her windpipe bent.
			Finally, she found it. Her finger reached for the button, and pressed it.
			Immediately, crackles of electicity danced around her suit's exterior, before jumping up into her attacker. He convulsed in agony, before his heart mercifully gave out.
			Not just him. Another Agent had come over to join in the dogpile, and he quickly collapsed to the floor, too. Amy rolled onto her front, and forced herself to rise.
			"Stunlocke!" Shannon gasped. "That move drained your batteries. I've diverted the remaining power to your servos - but you can't use any more shock attacks."
			"That's alright." she spat, as the Vibroblade hummed with energy. "I don't need 'em."

			Connor swung wildly, launching a haymaker that the Judge barely dodged, leaving a massive hole in the wall behind him. The Judge retaliated with a spinning kick to Connor's head, shattering nearby windows. But Connor didn't falter - he grabbed the Judge's leg mid-spin, shaking it violently, the sound of snapping bones echoing through the night.
			The Judge grinned despite the pain, snapping his leg back into place as if it was nothing, and the fight raged on.
			The two continued their savage brawl, each blow more brutal than the last. Connor staggered back, blood dripping from his claws, panting heavily. The Judge circled him like a predator, eyes glowing with the thrill of the fight.
			Sparky rose once more, his own eyes glowing red, and pounced at the Judge. Sparky's rage matched Connor's, but the Judge was too fast. He kicked Connor hard enough to send him flying backwards, then grabbed Sparky's jaws, prying them apart with sickening force. The cracking of bone filled the air as Sparky groaned in agony.
			"Your heresy ends here, wolf." the Judge sneered. "No false god can save you now."
			With a brutal kick to Sparky's chest, he was sent flying. He crashed to the ground, struggling to snap his jaws back into place, blood pooling beneath him.
			Connor roared in fury, charging in. But before he could strike, the Judge moved. He reached into Connor's chest, grabbing his still-beating heart, and ripped it out with a horrifying twist. He raised it to his face, smirking as he took a bite.
			Connor fell to his knees, breath ragged, blood pouring from his chest. The Judge knelt down, whispering in his ear.
			"Oh, youngblood... Killing you once was duty. Killing you twice, the same way? It's a privilege."
			Connor reached his shaking hand down to his belt, grabbing the second syringe. His other hand gripped the Judge tight.
			"Oh, *that* is your great plan? Plunge a syringe of false power into a broken body, *again?*" the Judge laughed. "Oh, heretic, you amuse me so."
			Connor's eyes flickered, his smirk returning despite the pain. He raised his gaze to meet the Judge's, and in a last defiant act, he plunged his syringe deep into his chest. The Judge froze, eyes wide with disbelief.
			He gripped Connor's throat, lifting him into the air, but the drug took hold. He stumbled, his grip loosening. "What... WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?! What is this poison?!" he roared, his eyes losing their fiery glow.
			He looked down at his hands, and felt his strength fade. "THIS CANNOT BE!" he screamed.
			Connor stood tall, his own eyes burning with fury. "*IT IS.*"
			He spat blood, his voice demonic with the Rage. He wrapped his arms around the Judge, holding him still.
			Ivan took a deep breath, and aimed at the Judge.
			"Davay, detka... davay..." he whispered - and fired.
			The air filled with the crack of a sniper rifle. The Judge's head snapped back, and he crashed to the ground, a bullet lodged in his neck.
			Ivan's voice crackled through the earpiece. "The endorphins are working, Vanguard - finish this."
			Connor grinned, blood still dripping from his mouth. "Before you die, I want you to know who killed you. Chloe Derrington - the smartest person I know."
			With a snarl, he drove his hand into the Judge's chest, pulling out the heart. He held it aloft, smiling darkly, before crushing it in his hand.
			The Judge let out a horrifying death-rattle.
			"Don't be ashamed." Connor growwled viciously. "You did your best."
			"Heretic... you cannot... stop..." the monster gurgled.
			"Hush now." Connor grinned. "Go in peace."
			The Judge breathed his final breath, his hand twitching as he reached out. Connor re-formed a blade, and with one clean swipe, liberated the Judge's head from his shoulders.

			The last Super-Agent tried to retreat, stepping backward through smoke and broken concrete - then Olivia made the space lie to him. 
			His footing shifted half a step off, his aim dragging wide before he even fired, and the shot tore harmlessly into the road. 
			Naismith was already there - riot shield crashing in, cutting off escape, pinning the angle as the Agent's weapon was forced aside in a grinding clash of metal and armour. 
			Amy didn't hesitate - she stepped through the opening and brought the Vibroblade up in a clean, humming arc.
			The Agent staggered back. Then, his top half slowly slid down, and made a squelch as it hit the floor.

			Sparky crawled over, blood dripping from his mouth. "Connor..." he panted, his voice weak. "Are you okay?"
			Connor looked down at his bloodstained hands, his legs trembling. "I'm..." he panted, staggering. His vision blurred, the weight of the fight and the adrenaline crashing down on him. He stared at his trembling hands, the Judge's blood mixing with his own. He looke over at his comrades, who crawled away from the carnage - every one of the Judge's Agents dead at their feet.
			"I'm..." he faltered, collapsing to the ground, still breathing.
			"Tough bastard." Ivan muttered, smirking as he tapped his earpiece. "Jinx - all hostiles neutralised."

		Judge vs. Connor 2
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor awoke in his bed. He looked around frantically, and realised where he was. He reached for his chest, and felt it had mostly healed - it was sore and mangled, but the hole was gone. He took a deep breath, morphed his clothes, and left the room.
			There, he found Chloe and Sparky asleep on the sofa. He sighed softly, walked over, and sat with them.
			Chloe stirred. She sat up and looked over at him.
			"...Connor?" she asked, half-asleep.
			"Hey..." he began, and she pounced and wrapped her arms around him.
			"You're okay..." she whispered. Sparky stirred too.
			"Connor..." he groaned, his jaws still aching.
			"Hey buddy..." Connor smiled softly, stroking Sparky's head.
			Chloe released her grip, and looked at him. "How do you feel?" she asked.
			"I'm okay. Not as bad as last time. The paradrenaline shot you gave me - that worked a treat. But the real genius was the endorphins." Connor said, proudly.
			"Hah... I'm glad it worked. It was a gamble, no doubt about it."
			"How bad was it when I got here?"
			"Not too bad. Your heart was missing, but your backup hearts were fully picking up the slack. You weren't in a coma because of asphyxiation, you were in one to regrow your heart. All I had to do was give you some mushed food and get you to bed." she answered.
			"How, um... How long has it been?"
			"Um..." Chloe said, checking her phone. "Ivan brought you here at 20:38. It's 04:26."
			Connor touched his chest, feeling his hearts beat. "8 hours, then. 8 hours to regrow a heart."
			Chloe, now fully awake, touched his chest, likewise feeling the beat.
			"Where's everyone else?" he asked.
			"Amy's gone back to her place." she nodded. "Her suit needs some repairs, so she's benched for now. Naismith's gone back to the police station, Ivan's taken the Judge's body to be disposed of, and Olivia's gone back on her glider, to keep an eye on the city for tonight."
			Connor smiled. "They're a good team."
			"You... You are so, so strong." she began, teary eyed.
			"I don't know what I'd do if you weren't here to patch me up." Connor replied. "Physically and... you know, everything else."
			He sighed. "The Judge is gone, at last..."
			"How, um... How do you do this?" she asked, sadly.
			"I don't know..." Connor began. "I guess, what choice do I have? Let Paladin keep killing people?"
			"No, I know *why* you do it." she shook her head. "I mean... How can you go through all this - your heart ripped out twice, your spine broken, shot full of bullets - and not just fall apart? It's only been a week, for Christ's sake!"
			"I guess..." Connor pondered for a moment. "I don't have time to break down."
			"You do now." Chloe said, rubbing his shoulder.
			Connor paused, and looked at her sadly. "I... I was so scared I'd never see you again."
			"Connor..."
			"I was so scared... the idea that you'd be at home with Sparky, never knowing what happened, until, I don't know, you see it on the news... The thought of leaving you alone after all this, it breaks my heart... no pun intended." he said, chuckling momentarily at the idea of a broken heart, after everything. "And not just you - you and Amy and Trey, you guys know who I am. But Bea? She'd just learn that I dissapeared one day. Or worse, the way that she finds out is through that. She learns that the last thing I did was lie to her. That's not even counting how me dying would mean so, so many people would get hurt. The Optimates would have free reign."
			Chloe shook her head, saddened. "Even after all of this, the only thing you were scared of... was how dying would affect others?"
			"I mean, what else is there to be scared of?" Connor asked, genuinely confused.
			Chloe's eyes welled up. "Connor, do you... do you not care if you live or die?"
			"Of course I do, I mean... I don't wanna leave everyone behind--" he began, but Chloe interrupted by embracing him tightly.
			"Connor..." she sobbed. "Why don't you care about yourself? Why aren't you cursing the heavens at all the pain and torture you've had to experience in just the last week? Why can't you just feel sorry for yourself?"
			"I..." Connor paused, a single tear now running down his cheek. "I don't get to. I have no right."
			"Yes, you do!"
			"No, I don't. If I don't fight, good people will die. If I fail, good people will die. I don't get the luxury of feeling sorry for myself - everyone else has it worse if I fail. I'd just die. I don't stick around for the super-fascist dictatorship."
			Chloe rubbed her face, teary-eyed. "You have a right to... to let this affect you, Connor! To desire a life outside of all this."
			Connor sighed. "What life could I have? I'm not human, Chloe. I... Are you sure..." he said, choking back tears, "Are you sure you want this?"
			Chloe looked at him, tears running down her cheek. "Connor..." she began. "Connor, you're more human than anyone I've ever met. You feel, you care, you fight for others... You don't care about how badly you get hurt, as long as it's you and not someone else. That is humanity at its best. You might not be genetically human anymore, but you're still my boyfriend. You've spent so much time worrying about everyone else, you've forgotten that you're allowed to want things too. So tell me, Connor - what do *you* want?"
			Connor paused, deep in thought. "I... I want to be with you. I want to get rid of the Optimates, so I can hang up my costume and live a normal life with you."
			"Connor..." Chloe cried, "Promise me something."
			"Anything." he nodded firmly.
			"You'll look after yourself. You'll... You'll try and stay alive. And not just for me, or your friends, or the people you save. You'll try and stay alive for yourself, too. Promise me that." she pleaded.
			"I promise." Connor said, taking a deep breath.
			He thought deeply for a moment.
			"I'm going to tell the truth."
			"Connor?" Chloe asked, surprised.
			"I'm gonna get the others round here tomorrow, and... I'm going to be honest, and tell them what I am." he repeated.
			"But, Connor..." she began to protest, but Connor continued.
			"I'm done lying. I'm done hiding from my friends. I... I learned the hard way this week that I'm not invincible. And if... If I get hurt like this again, or worse, then I want the people in my life to know the truth."
			Chloe smiled warmly. "I'm so proud of you." she whispered.
			Connor smiled back, and hugged her tightly. They fell asleep in each other's arms.

		Chloe and Connor talk
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The next morning, Connor was in the shower. He stood there, letting the water run over his face.
			While this happened, he saw flashes - glimpses of lost time.
			He saw the Commandant, and Zhao, cutting him up.
			The memories had been lost to him, but when the Judge nearly killed him, it awoke something.
			Flashes... only flashes of pain. But still, something.
			He sighed, and reached for his chest - there was a nasty red mark there, which, considering he had his entire ribcage, heart, and lungs all punched out twice, was pretty good.
			He took a deep breath, and left the shower, morphing on some comfy clothes.
			As he walked into the kitchen, Chloe was finishing making breakfast.
			"Oh, hey!" she said, glad to see his improved condition.
			"Hah, morning." he smiled. "What's all this?"
			"Oh, this?" she said, looking down at the food. "Well, I... I figured you'd need some decent nutrition, so I whipped up something. There's omelettes for protein - I added some cheese and bacon too - and your blood sugar was a little low this morning, so I made some porridge with honey."
			Connor tilted his head at the last part. "My blood sugar?"
			"Oh, sorry..." she smiled shyly. "I tested your blood sugar this morning, while you were asleep. I tried to wake you, but you wouldn't stir no matter how much I shook you - so I was worried you were having a hypo. Sorry, I shouldn't have..."
			Connor chuckled. "I think, after the week I've had, my blood *anything* would be low."
			At that, she laughed, relaxing slightly. "I also swiped some NutriPaste from the hospital when we left last night. Much better than those bodybuilder shakes you've been making."
			Connor grinned cheekily. "Look at you. Less than a week of being my sidekick and you're already carrying out heists."
			She smirked, and playfully brushed his chest, feeling the mangled cavity beneath his clothes.
			"So... how do you feel?"
			"I'm okay... my chest is a lot better now." he replied.
			"That's good... and, are you ready?"
			"Yeah - it's time." Connor nodded. He looked over the kitchen, and saw Sparky, who had fallen back to sleep right next to his food bowl. He giggled.
			"Hah, bless him." Chloe grinned. "Gave him breakfast too. I was a little worried about his jaws, but they seem alright now. He scoffed his food and went right back to sleep."
			"Can't say I blame him." Connor yawned, chuckling.
			Chloe grabbed her fingerstick, and jabbed her fingertip. She lifted her shirt slightly, and injected the insulin.
			Connor smiled.
			"I just wanna say... thank you." she said.
			"What for?" he asked, confused.
			"Well... At home, my mum always makes me do my blood sugar and insulin in the bathroom. I mean, I know it's gross, but..."
			"It's not gross." Connor interjected. "Besides, I think hyperglycemia is more concerning."
			Chloe chuckled, relieved.
			"Still, I do appreciate it. Some people get a bit grossed out by things like that, is all. Especially me checking your blood sugar."
			"Chloe." he grinned. "You discovered a brand new endorphin inside me, like, literally yesterday. If I suddenly get all high-and-mighty about testing my blood sugar, you have full permission to shoot me."
			At that, she let herself laugh. Connor joined in, and the two embraced.
			They pulled apart, and Connor grabbed some food. He began eating, and before long, had devoured all of it.
			"You okay?" she asked.
			"Oh, yeah..." he looked away, embarrassed. "After a big arse-kicking, I get this awful hunger. Like the Rage, but instead of wanting to kill, I just gorge myself."
			Chloe nodded, and placed a hand on his knee.
			"It's okay." she said softly. "It makes perfect sense, too. Paradrenaline is one thing, but I've only scratched the surface of your biochemistry. It's not surprising if you have other mutated hormones, like ghrelin. And just like your endorphins counteract the paradrenaline, there must be a way to regulate your leptin to counteract any mutated ghrelin."
			Connor let out a subdued chuckle. "Funny how my body can grow spare hearts, but can't regulate its hormones properly."
			She stroked her chin pensively. "Bodies tend to focus on keeping you alive long enough to spread your genes - not on giving you a decent quality of life. Case in point - paradrenaline makes you almost unbeatable in a fight, but you need to either harm yourself or have me cook up some endorphins to keep you functional in peacetime."
			Connor smiled softly. "Being a superhero fuckin' sucks."
			Chloe chuckled, then started giggling. Connor laughed along with her, glad that the tension was fading.
			Sparky, who had woke up to the laughter, dragged himself over.
			"Morning, guys." he said groggily.
			Connor smiled. He took a deep breath, and stretched. He reached for his back, and winced.
			"You okay?" she asked, concerned.
			"Yeah, fine... Just, shooting pains in my lower back." he shrugged.
			"You mean where you broke it?"
			"Yeah... Should be healed now is all."
			"Well, nerves are a funny thing - let me have a look."
			Connor un-morphed his shirt, and she looked at his back.
			"You look okay - but... Oh, that's weird." she said.
			"What?"
			"Your spine... you seem to be growing more vertebrae." she replied, awestruck.
			"Eh?"
			"Yeah... I guess it makes sense." she began. "Your body seems to adapt to severe injury. When your heart was taken out and your secondary heart couldn't keep up the pace, you grew a bunch of tertiary hearts to fill the gaps. When your lungs were torn up by the Judge, you grew more chambers within to ensure that wouldn't happen again. Maybe, to avoid breaking your back in future, your body's making your spine more flexible?" she pondered.
			"You mean, I'm evolving?" Connor asked.
			"No..." Chloe shook her head. "Evolution is random. This... this is engineering. I've never seen anything like it."
			"Well... Hopefully I finish growing it soon." Connor chuckled, re-morphing his shirt. "And hopefully my body can figure out how to stop these damn migraines while it's at it."

			Later that morning, Connor loaded the dishwasher, and the door knocked. He walked over and answered it.
			The gang were all at the door. Upon seeing him, TREY immediately pounced and bear-hugged Connor.
			"You're okay..." he whispered.
			Connor hugged him back. Amy hugged him too, squeezing him hard enough to click his back.
			"Missed you, bro. How was the work thing?" Trey asked, evasively. He struggled to keep his concern hidden.
			Shannon smiled at him, a clear look of relief on her face.
			"Hah... Come on in." Connor replied, and the gang entered. Chloe showed up and hugged them all, and Sparky woke up and snuggled them, before lying back down.
			"So..." Connor began. "I, um..."
			"You okay?" Bea asked, eyebrow raised.
			"Yeah. Um..." Connor continued, nervous. "Bea - I've got something to tell you."
			Amy looked at Connor, first with a look of concern, that soon faded into tacit endorsement.
			"What's that?" Bea asked, confused.
			"Uh..." Connor began. Chloe put a comforting hand on his shoulder.
			Trey nodded at Connor, having realised what's about to happen.
			Sparky trotted over. "It's okay." he smiled.
			"It's probably better if I just... show you." Connor said, rising. No going back now.
			Shannon took a deep breath, in preparation.
			"Show me what?" Bea asked again.
			She was answered by Connor's clothes morphing into a black resin, that hardened into a kevlar suit - the iconic Werewolf costume.
			Bea turned as pale as a ghost.
			"You... You're..." she stammered. "No... You're not..."
			"I'm sorry..." Connor began, un-morphing his mask.
			Bea rose, and smacked him. "You bastard! You're the reason those psychos shot up Chloe's work!"
			Connor reflexively dodged.
			"Hey, hey! Bea, he's not... It's not his fault." Chloe jumped in.
			"You... You *knew?*" Bea asked, horrified.
			"I..." Chloe began. "I found out when the lab got attacked."
			"I knew too." Amy admitted. "I found out late November."
			"Me too. I figured it out after the winter faire." Trey nodded.
			"And I figured it out in prison." Shannon shrugged.
			"You... you killed all those people..." Bea said, shocked.
			"I... I didn't have a choice." Connor replied.
			"Like hell you didn't! What did those people in Belson do?!" she countered.
			"What?!" Connor replied, aghast.
			"Don't lie anymore. The small-time criminals in Belson you've been *crucifying?!*"
			"Bea - that wasn't him." Chloe cut in.
			"Oh, sure, he's told you that, has he?" Bea snapped. "Chlo, he's a monster!"
			"Bea..." Connor began. "That wasn't me, I swear. That was the monster we've been fighting - the Judge."
			"*We?!*"
			Connor sighed, as did Amy.
			"Um, Bea..." Amy began. "You've heard of that new vigilante, right? The one with the badass armour who can stun people?"
			"*That's* how you describe it?" Trey grinned.
			Bea tilted her head.
			"Um... I'm a superhero too." Amy admitted.
			"This... is getting weird now." Bea shook her head.
			"Bea..." Connor began, his voice cracking. "What matters is, the killings weren't me."
			Chloe interjected. The past few days, he was in the hospital, physically *growing* his chest back, because the monster punched it clean out." she said, rising to Connor's side. "He's the reason those killings have stopped. And don't forget all the people he's saved too. Including us."
			Bea folded her arms. "Prove it."
			"Bea?" Connor asked.
			"Prove you were injured." she explained.
			"Bea, you don't seriously believe..." Chloe began.
			"Chlo, this man has lied to us for so long. I was gaslit by Charlie into thinking that was okay - I am *not* letting the same happen to you. Not again. I don't care what I've seen so far - I want to see hard proof before I trust him again."
			"Bea... He's not Francis." Chloe whispered.
			Connor took a deep breath, and un-morphed his shirt. There, the red mangling over his chest cavity was visible.
			"You... what happened?" Bea asked, her face pale.
			"Like we said - I had to regrow my heart. Thankfully, that's something I can do. It'll take a few more hours to heal the cosmetic damage, though." Connor explained.
			"Bea..." Amy began. "I was shocked when I found out. To learn that my own brother had so many kills to his name... You think that was easy? But I realised... He's still Connor. He's my brother, and I know what he's like. And the Werewolf is just an extension of that."
			"Bea, come on..." Chloe said, sitting down next to her. "If you had these powers, and knew about the people he's fighting, wouldn't you fight too?"
			"What people?" Bea asked, eyebrows raised once more.
			"Scum." Connor said, sighing. "A group of fascist elites called the Optimates."
			"Fascists?" Bea asked, shocked.
			"I've seen them." Chloe added. "I... It took me a while to accept that Connor is a killer. But the people he's killing... he does it because he has to."
			"I just..." Bea shook her head in disbelief. "Did you ever have a choice? Could you have spared any of them?"
			"Always. There's always a choice. Doesn't mean it's an easy one." Connor replied. "The superhumans - there's no safe way to let them live. Fascists with superpowers, Bea - would you let them live?"
			Bea hesitated. "No." she finally answered.
			A tense silence fell over the group.
			"Connor... I'm sorry." Bea began. "I... I've seen Chloe get hurt, and I got hurt recently... hearing such a big confession, it just..."
			Connor cut in. "It's okay. And I'm glad - *really* glad - that Chloe has you looking out for her."
			Chloe looked up at Connor, and smiled. Bea smiled too - hearing that; a boy who doesn't just allow his girlfriend to have supportive friends, but actively appreciates it - assuaged her fears somewhat. "He's not Charlie. He's not Francis." she thought.
			"Well, not many people would try and smack someone who they, at the time, believed to be a mass murderer." Amy quipped.
			Bea chuckled nervously. "Hey, when I get fired up... Why are you telling me all this now, though?"
			"Well... Because I almost died. Yeah, having your chest cavity punched out is actually not too good for you." Connor chuckled grimly. "And I hate - *hate* - the thought of you finding out that I'd died, and the last thing I'd done was lie to you. Let alone leaving Chloe with the burden of telling you."
			Bea looked forlorn. "You're not gonna die, are you?"
			"I don't plan on." Connor replied firmly. "But... Well, I can't promise I won't. This shit is dangerous. And I'm done lying to the people I care about."
			Amy took a deep breath. "So, uh... I guess, welcome to the team. Sparky's our mascot."
			"Too right I am!" he barked.
			"Huh?!" Bea gasped.
			"Oh, yeah." Chloe pinched the bridge of her nose. "Sparky can talk."
			"WHAT?!"
			"Hah, that's probably the least weird bit. Next time, lead with that one." Amy chuckled.
			"No, it's honestly much worse when they lead with that." Chloe sighed.
			Sparky gently approached. "Um... Hi, Bea! This is a... long story."
			"I've got time." she shook her head incredulously.
			"I'll put the kettle on." Connor grinned.

		Revealing the truth to the gang
		______________________________
		SCENE
			At the same time, Slater was in his cell in prison. He was throwing a tennis ball at the wall. His teeth were clearly fakes, and his nose was crooked - holdovers from Connor's treatment of him.
			A young man entered the cell.
			"What?" Slater asked impatiently.
			"The Patriots - they've got a job for you." the younger man replied.
			"Fuck the Patriots. And, oh yeah, fuck you." Slater snapped.
			The young man hit Slater in the face, and stared down at him.
			"Fuck Redbridge, you mean. Their freak killed Ritter. And he also got you put away, yeah?"
			"What's it to you?" Slater asked, rubbing his face.
			The younger man grinned, and pulled out a shiv, handing it over. "Make it even. Their old boss is still here, no?" he said, leaving the cell.
			Slater looked at the blade, sighed, and then grinned.
			"Payback." he muttered to himself.

			In the harsh winter cold of Karelia, Ivan flashed an ID badge to enter an industrial unit in the middle of the countryside. The guard at the front let him in, and he descended a stairway. There, he saw his superior Morozov, observing a makeshift laboratory.
			He looked in, and sighed. The Judge's head had been placed in a glass vat, filled with nutritional fluid. As for the body, it was chained to a bed, with electrical shocks being applied to it, and the results being measured. Tubes extended from its abdomen, with black and red fluids being pumped out.
			"[Comrade Sokolov. You've outdone yourself.]" Morozov began.
			"[Sir...]" Ivan shuddered. "[I understand the importance of our mission, absolutely... but is this wise?]"
			"[The head is detatched, Sokolov. Our doctors are monitoring it around the clock. Once we've finished, we can attatch the head back without allowing it to use its muscles - and interrogate it. It's perfectly safe.]"
			Ivan shook his head. "[Even if it is, what we're doing with the body...]"
			"[All for the Motherland.]" Morozov interrupted. "[Long live the Soviet Union.]"
			"[On with the Red Dawn.]" Sokolov hesitantly saluted. He turned to leave.
			As he walked down the corridors, a Giant - the same type seen in Belson - walked past. It was seemingly held together by a black bodysuit, engineered to mimic Connor's costume. Instead of the fascist armour of the first one, however - this one wore a dark green military outfit, replete with red hammer-and-sickle iconography.
			"Commissar." it nodded, hulking past. Its voice was booming deep.
			"Tovarishch." Ivan nodded back.

			Out in the prison yard, Vince was playing basketball with the other inmates. A younger man accidentally tripped him up, causing him to fall.
			Vince rose, and the younger man looked terrified - Vince's reputation preceded him.
			"Hah!" Vince laughed heartily, putting his hand on the younger man's shoulder. "That's a good strategy. Aim for me ankles next time!"
			The younger man chuckled nervously. "S-Sorry, Vince. Honest mistake." he stuttered.
			Vince smiled warmly. "You owe me half your pudding tonight, lad." he chuckled. The man laughed, as did the other inmates.
			"Alright, penalties?"
			"Does basketball even have penalties?" another inmante asked.
			"It does now!" Vince chuckled.
			As Vince went to launch the ball, Slater appeared behind him, gripping the shiv.

		Vince's Wounds

	Broken Hearts and Bones
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The gang sat in the prison's hospital waiting room. Connor was pacing wildly. Amy was scratching her hands nervously, with Bea trying to comfort her. Trey was tapping his foot, arms folded. Chloe was stroking Sparky, looking at Connor with sympathy. Shannon sat with the group, holding her shoulders nervously.
			An orderly approached. "Oi. No dogs allowed." he said, motioning towards Sparky.
			Connor simply walked up to the orderly and stared him down.
			The orderly froze, his confidence evaporating. "Uh... right. I'll just... carry on, then."
			He backed away hastily.
			The faint hum of fluorescent lights and the sterile scent of disinfectant filled the waiting room. Footsteps echoed in the hallway, each one making Connor's pacing more frantic.
			"Connor... you should sit down." Chloe began, the concern in her voice palpable.
			Connor paused, thought for a moment, and sat. He leant forward, his hands covering his mouth and nose. His eyes were wide open.
			"If I find out who did this, I'll kill them." Amy growled, her eye twitching slightly.
			Connor looked over at her, and nodded understandingly.
			"What's taking so long?" Trey asked aloud, looking around.
			"I'm sure they're doing all they can..." Shannon replied.
			Connor took a deep breath. "I, uh... I brought this." he said, revealing a syringe.
			"Serum?" Chloe tilted her head, surprised.
			"What's that?" Bea asked.
			"My blood." Connor said nonchalantly.
			"It's, um... Connor's blood can give normal humans a small taste of his power - it can be used to save people from injury." Chloe explained.
			Bea raised her eyebrows. "And... are there side-effects?"
			"Yeah - you end up like *this.*" Connor said, motioning at himself.
			Chloe put a hand on his shoulder, and smiled sympathetically.
			Bea stepped back, eyeing the syringe warily. "And what if it doesn't work? Or worse, what if it does too much?"
			"We'll burn that bridge when we get to it." Trey quipped.
			Then, a nurse entered the room. The group all rise to their feet.
			"Hi, Mr. Barrett?" the nurse asked.
			"That's me." Connor nodded.
			"Vince is doing well. He's awake now - you can go and see him if you like." the nurse smiled warmly.
			The group all breathed a collective sigh of relief, and entered Vince's room.

			Vince saw the group enter, and tried to sit up, groaning.
			Connor and Amy rushed over.
			"Hey, hey, no, don't get up..." Amy began.
			"Amy... Connor... You're here..." Vince smiled, the anaesthetic wearing off.
			"Hey, uncle..." Connor said sadly.
			Trey and Shannon walked over.
			"Heya..." Siobahn smiled softly.
			"Hey, Shannon." Vince waved. "Here to break me out and all?"
			She chuckled. "Maybe later."
			"Hey, Vince..." Trey smiled.
			"Hah, hey Trey... how's your dad?"
			"Well, better than you." Trey quipped. The group all chuckled, and Vince laughed too, only to start coughing.
			"Oh, oh god, sorry..." Trey began, but Vince smiled.
			"I'm fine. You should see the other guy." he winked.
			"Who did this?" Connor asked, his eyes aflame.
			"Slater..." Vince replied.
			"Slater?!" Connor snarled, shocked. "I should've killed the cunt."
			Vince looked over at the gang, concerned. "Connor, you, um... You're talking about when you were banged up in here, right?"
			"It's okay..." Connor sighed. "Everyone here knows."
			Vince smiled. "I figured you couldn't hide that for long."
			"Letting him live was a mistake..." Connor lamented.
			"Maybe it was, maybe it wasn't..." Vince began. "Mercy is rarely a *complete* mistake. And besides, I stomped his kneecaps, so there's that."
			"By the way..." Amy smiled, gesturing. "These are our new friends, Chloe and Bea."
			"Hi, Vince. Lovely to meet you!" Bea said, smiling warmly.
			"Hello, I'm Chloe... It's great to meet you." Chloe added, shaking Vince's hand.
			"Lovely to meet you both." Vince smiled.
			Sparky jumped up on the hostpital bed, licking Vince's face.
			"Hi, Vince! I missed you! I'm sorry you got hurt! Do we need to fight someone?" he asked between licks.
			"Um..." he tilted his head.
			"Damn. I've got to stop doing that." Sparky sighed.
			"The dog can talk." Bea nodded.
			"That makes sense." Vince shrugged. "It was either that or I've finally lost me last marble."
			The group chuckled.
			"So, um, yeah... You can hear me now. It's a whole thing." Sparky grinned.
			"Haha, hello again boy..." Vince chuckled. "How's the real hero doing?"
			"Oi!" Connor laughed.
			"What? He's a dog. If Stella was here, I'd say the same thing." Vince grinned.
			"He's got you there." Amy quipped, smirking.
			"Next time, I'll tell Slater to aim properly." Connor snarked.
			"Yeah, please do... Honestly, I'm offended they sent Slater to do it. Am I not worth a proper hitman?" Vince laughed.
			"Who's they?" asked Amy. 
			"The Patriots." Vince said, wincing.
			"Fuck..." Connor sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. "This is all my fault."
			"How?" Vince asked, eyebrow raised.
			"The Patriots think it was me who killed Ritter. Well, the Werewolf, but still... And they know the Werewolf's in Redbridge. They must have seen it as a tit-for-tat - you kill our founder, we kill yours." Connor explained.
			Vince rose, sitting up straight now. "This is not your fault, lad."
			"Yes, it is. Because I failed to stop the Judge, your life is at risk..."
			Vince put his hand on Connor's shoulder. "Who's the Judge?"
			"A nutjob mutant. He went on a killing spree in Belson, framing Connor for it." Amy replied. "It wasn't easy, us taking him down."
			"Us?"
			"Damn. *I've* got to stop doing that." she sighed. "I've, uh... sorta become a superhero now, too."
			"It's a family business, at this point." Connor shrugged. "Don't worry, she gets a full suit of armour while I get my chest caved in."
			"Please tell me that was hyperbole?" Vince tilted his head.
			Connor responded by un-morphing his shirt, showing the wound covering his chest. It was mostly healed now, but still looked nasty. It'd probably take another day to be gone fully.
			"Holy fuck... What did he do?" Vince asked, touching Connor's chest lightly.
			"Punched out my ribcage." Connor replied unconcerned. "It's fine, for me that's a Tuesday."
			Chloe looked at Connor, her face full of sadness.
			"Anyway..." Amy cut in. "There's got to be a way to keep you safe. I mean, surely there's something?"
			"Not in the prison." Vince admitted. "I'm fine in this hospital, but once I'm back in jail, the Patriots could try again."
			He looked over at Connor. "Don't worry." he said, before looking back over at Amy. "I'll be fine."
			"I'll sort this." Connor said, his voice full of grim determination. 
			"Connor?" Bea asked, concerned.
			Sparky looked around at the group, tail wagging. "Maybe we can bring him with us? It's not like they can stop us."
			"No..." Connor replied. "That'd just get us in more trouble. But maybe..."
			Connor took out his phone.
			"Privet, bratan!"
			"Ivan..." Connor began. "I need a favour."
			He stepped out of the room.

		Checking on Vince - 1
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"So..." Vince began. "Chloe, Bea - how long have yous known everyone?"
			"Since October. We both moved down for Uni." Bea replied.
			"Ah, awesome - what do yous study?" he asked, leaning forward.
			"I study biotechnology, and Bea studies Law and Sociology." Chloe answered, smiling.
			"Oh, wow... Good allies for Connor, then." Vince chuckled.
			At that, the girls smiled and laughed.
			"So, how did you all meet?" he asked.
			"It's a bit funny, that." Chloe began. "We first met Amy on a night out, she saved us from some creepy guy."
			"Saved us? She kicked his arse." Bea added, smirking.
			"Good lass." Vince said, beaming with pride. He turned to Amy, who was smiling.
			"I learned from the best." Amy grinned.
			"After that, I met Connor in the library. I didn't know at the time, but he was reading biotech books to try and figure out his... condition." Chloe continued. "I helped him study, and we sort of all met up from there."
			Vince smiled. "Well, I'm glad Connor and Amy have such good friends."
			"More than friends in your case." Bea said, playfully nudging Chloe.
			Chloe blushed, and looked down sheepishly.
			"Ooh?" Vince smirked, his inner child breaking through his hardened criminal exterior.
			"I, uh... Connor and I have been dating for a few weeks now." Chloe admitted shyly.
			"It was a hell of a will-they-won't-they." Bea laughed.
			Internally, Chloe's heart raced. "What if he doesn't like me? What if he doesn't want me dating his nephew? Hell, he raised Connor - he's basically his dad. What if he doesn't want his son with someone like me?" she thought.
			"I couldn't be happier." Vince beamed. "I noticed how you were both looking at each other there - you're perfect for each other."
			Chloe looked up, relaxed and much, much happier.

			Connor came back in.
			"Okay, I've spoken with Ivan. Gotta meet up with him this evening."
			"Why? What for?" Chloe asked, eyebrow raised.
			"You remember me telling you about the humans I went after? Hattab, Hughes, Murillo, Zamaldayev..."
			She nodded.
			"Well..." Connor continued. "Ivan's the one who sent me after them. Sure, they were scum who needed to be taken down, but there was a second benefit too - there were bounties on their heads. Taking them out meant we had favours to cash in, with big players out there."
			"So... hitman jobs?" Bea asked, surprised.
			"In a way." Connor shrugged. "But Ivan only ever gets me contracted against those who deserve it. I mean, Hughes and Zamaldayev were straight-up part of the Optimates anyway."
			"The what?" Vince asked, tilting his head.
			"Oh, it's... long story." Connor smirked. "Anyway, Ivan's gonna find someone connected to them with a price on their head, and in exchange, I'll get you a full pardon."
			"You're gonna kill someone for my freedom?"
			"I'm going to kill someone who's part of a corporate-fascist plot to make super-soldiers, and as a side-benefit, you'll walk free." Connor retorted.
			"You... How do you talk about killing so casually?" Bea asked, her face pale.
			"If they're with the Optimates..." Chloe began, "Then he has no choice. Bea, I... In the labs at work, I saw what they were up to. They were harvesting Connor's blood and building an army. They *need* to be stopped."
			"We stopped them in the hundreds at Normandy." Trey nodded. "It's not pleasant, but... they're Nazis. Not just that - Nazis with god-damn superpowers."
			"They had a choice." Amy added. "They could stop what they're doing and you'd leave them alone. But the only way people like us can satisfy them..." she said, looking over at the group - hardly a picture of Nazi idealism and Aryan racial purity - "Is if we stop existing."
			Bea shuddered, but nodded. "Sorry, Connor... I didn't mean to sound like I'm accusing you."
			"Don't be." Connor smiled. "You're right, that was too casual. It's a big thing. And just because it's right, doesn't mean it's not something to care about."
			Vince nodded. "Just... do this because the bastard deserves it. Not because of me."
			"I swear... Ivan won't send me after someone who doesn't have it coming." Connor vowed.
			"Well, if Hughes was on your list..." Vince replied, "Then whoever he sends you after, they're not in good company. Anyone on the same list as that bastard for anything..."
			Connor nodded. "We'd, um... We'd best let you rest."
			Vince smiled. "Once I'm out, we'll have a huge dinner."
			"I'll get us round my grandparents." Trey smiled. "Nana always does a banging roast."
			"I'll say." Vince smiled. "Your dad had to get his cooking from somewhere."
			"Well, it sure as fuck wasn't Jamal." Connor quipped.
			Trey laughed. "My grandad is many things... but a chef, he is not."
			The group chuckled.
			"Anyway..." Vince smiled. "Yous had better head off. Don't worry about me, I'll be fine."
			Connor nodded. "Slater's in hospital too, right?"
			"You don't have to--" Vince began, only for Connor to raise his hand.
			"I'll just talk to him, that's all."
			Vince nodded, and the group left to the car park.
			"Right..." Connor sighed. "I'll be right out."
			"Give him a whack, from me." Amy grinned. Connor chuckled, and headed back in.

			Slater laid in his own hospital bed, the heartrate monitor providing a steady beat.
			"Beep. Beep. Beep."
			He was under a blanket, and his face was covered in cuts and bruises.
			"Beep. Beep. Beep."
			Connor walked in. Slater opened his eyes groggily, and tried to force himself up to look. The swelling and bloodshot sclera made his vision far too blurry to be of use.
			"Beep. Beep. Beep."
			"Hi, Slater." Connor growled.
			"BEEBEEBEEP!" the machine frantically spat, filling the room's air with a near-stream of noise. Slater's breathing sounded like a sheepdog who'd just finished work.
			"You stabbed my uncle."
			"I--I--I--" Slater stammered, trying to force humself up and grunting in agony.
			Connor ripped the blanket off, revealing a number of casts and fixings applied to Slater's knees.
			He grinned. He almost felt the sound of Vince's shoes stomping out the kneecaps.
			He grabbed Slater's throat, and squeezed.
			"Come near my family again. Do anything that brings your name to my ears. Even exist in my general direction."
			He looked into Slater's eyes, and used his free hand to force one open.
			"Do those things... and I will kill you. Slow, like. I'll pay doctors to keep you alive for as long as possible. I think I'll start with your knees again - then, I'll cut off your balls like the troublesome pig that you are. Then, if I'm feeling merciful, I'll slit your throat, wrap a rubber tyre around your neck, and set it alight. If I'm still pissed, however..."
			Slater's eye rolled back, as his consciousness began to blur. Connor released his grip.
			"Do I make myself clear to you?"
			Slater frantically nodded.

		Checking on Vince - 2
		______________________________
		SCENE
			That afternoon, the gang was sat in Connor's living room again.
			"Connor, I..." Bea began. "Obviously, we're here for you, but... why did you ask us all to be here?"
			"Well... This man's coming here to tell me to go and kill someone. And... I want my friends here to hold me accountable. To tell me not to do it if I shouldn't." Connor explained.
			Bea smiled. "Connor... I'm sorry if I came off as judgemental before."
			Connor raised his hand. "I *want* you guys - my friends - to judge me. To call me out if I'm doing wrong."
			With that, Ivan knocked on the door. Connor let him in.
			"Hi Ivan! How are you?!" Sparky asked, wagging his tail excitedly.
			"Privet, bratan!" Ivan grinned. "Ah, I don't think we've met."
			"Bea Jefferson." she nodded. "I've known Chloe since we were kids, and I've known everyone else since October. I've just learned the whole... well, everything."
			"Ivan Sokolov, KGB." he smiled, shaking her hand. "Nice to meet you."
			He turned. "Connor, I've brought the dossier on our new target." he said, brandishing a folder.
			"Who's the target?" Connor asked. "And, by the way... my friends are here for moral advice."
			Ivan smiled. "Smart thinking. Keeps you human, that way. Anyway, here's the mark - his name is Brian Campbell."
			Connor's blood froze. "Say that name again." he whispered, shocked.
			"Connor?" Chloe asked, putting her hand on his shoulder.
			"Who's that?" Sparky growled, sensing Connor's pain.
			Connor shuddered. "Ivan. Say that name again."
			Ivan nodded sympathetically. "Ah. I was worried you'd have heard of him before."
			"Wait... *that* Campbell?" Amy asked, her pupils constricting in horror.
			"Who?" Shannon tilted her head.
			"Brian Campbell..." Connor growled, his voice full of rage. "Ivan... tell them. I can't put it into words."
			"Da." Ivan nodded. "Brian Campbell. Leader of the Orange Volunteer Army - group of Loyalists from Glasgow who moved over to Derry in the early 2000s." he explained.
			Chloe gasped. "You mean... the Bogside War?"
			"Those motherfuckers made the RUC and the UVF look like the Salvation Army." Connor snarled, sitting down and staring into the distance. "The Tans, that's what the OVA was. The fucking Black and Tans."
			Trey sighed, and shook his head. "Were they involved in the... the *you know?*"
			"What's that?" asked Shannon.
			"They killed my grandparents." Connor growled.
			Chloe sighed, and hugged him. "I'm so sorry..." she whispered.
			"Guys..." Connor began. "Please, I'm begging you. Give me one good reason not to kill him. Please, because I need to be told."
			"It gets worse, I'm afraid..." Ivan sighed, and turned the page. "Here."
			Connor read the document.
			"Commandant,
			I thank you for the latest shipment. Our good men have become stronger, faster, and better. We're ready for the Second Round.
			Yours, Srg. Campbell."
			Connor scowled. "Commandant... He's with Paladin?"
			"Da..."
			Connor turned to face his friends. "Tell me not to kill him. Please. Tell me I shouldn't kill him."
			Bea rose. "Kill him." she nodded.
			"Bea?" he asked, surprised.
			"The man clearly has no problem blowing up houses with kids inside." she continued. "And he's with this... cabal. Taking him down is unpleasant, fine - but needed."
			"There's more..." Ivan cringed slightly.
			"How could it get worse than that?" Shannon asked.
			"The client paying us - it's the Home Office." Ivan replied, clenching his jaw.
			"Why the fuck would they want a loyalist dead?" Amy asked, shocked. "They were backing him, weren't they?"
			"Two reasons. One, the OVA is a crime gang, and they're blackmailing the government into turning a blind eye. Two... This 'second round' he mentioned - he's planning on re-starting the Troubles." Ivan explained.
			"He... he's fucking *WHAT?!*" Connor replied. All of his hearts skipped their beats.
			"MI5 want him stopped before he can do that. In exchange, they're going to provide backing to the Syndicate, and increase their cooperation with the KGB. And, as a sweetener, they'll give your uncle a full pardon."
			"Connor..." Chloe began. "It's okay. You *have* to do this."
			"I don't *have* to. But I *need* to." he said. "There is no way in hell I'm letting this bastard start all that shit again."
			"Good man." Ivan nodded. "I'll let you know when we have our opening - it'll be soon. Cambpell's gang are coming to Drackhill to meet with the Patriots - so that'll be your time to shine."
			With that, he stood.
			"One more thing..." Connor cut in. "The Judge's body."
			"We burned it, just like you asked, tovarishch." Ivan nodded. He turned away, and grimaced slightly, before leaving.

			Connor sat there, still in shock. Chloe wrapped her arms around him.
			"Hey... I know this must bring back some bad memories for you." she sighed sadly.
			"That man... he's the reason we used to say 'Every Day a Sunday.'" Connor grimaced. "That underplayed it - the man made Bloody Sunday look like an orderly queue. He's... he's pure evil."
			"I know..." Chloe stroked his head. "I'm here for you."
			"Thank you..." Connor replied, squeezing Chloe's hand. She kissed his cheek, and smiled.
			"Hey, Connor..." Bea began, "I want you to know... I was wrong before. You *are* a hero. And yeah, it's not like in the movies - sometimes being a hero means killing people. I just... You saved me from Charlie. And I've seen the stories of you saving other people too. So, I know that, if you kill someone, you're doing it for the right reasons."
			"Thank you, Bea..." Connor smiled. "That means a hell of a lot."
			Bea nodded, and smiled warmly.

		Ivan contracts for pardon
		______________________________
		SCENE
			A couple of days had passed, and Chloe woke up in her bed. She stretched, yawned, and headed to the bathroom.
			She had a shower, and then dried herself off.
			There, she looked in the mirror. She prepared to put on her usual makeup and hair routine - lots of foundation to conceal her freckles and scar, have her hair down to hide her hearing aids - and stopped.
			She thought for a moment, took a deep breath, and leant her forehead against the mirror.
			She smiled, thinking of Connor, and leant back. She tied the top half of her hair into a ponytail, leaving the lower half hanging free - but, crucially, exposing her ears. She applied a small amount of makeup - nowhere near as much as usual - and paused. She closed her eyes again, and swallowed. She put on her glasses and hearing aids, and got dressed.

			Elsewhere in the city, the gang were gathered at an all-you-can-eat breakfast bar.
			"Can't wait for this." Trey giggled.
			"I know right! It smells so good!" Shannon smiled.
			Connor laughed. "I'm gonna load my plate up *so* high. To be honest, I need the calories."
			"Oh, right?" Trey asked, curious.
			"Yeah - my metabolism is *mental.* I need to eat at least twice as much as a normal human to maintain my edge. Saying that, I can survive without food longer than normal humans - but I lose my super-strength." Connor explained.
			"How'd you learn that?" Bea asked, tilting her head.
			"Chloe figured it out. She looked at my cells while I was regrowing my chest cavity." Connor answered nonchalantly.
			"Damn." Trey replied. "How's that work then?"
			"According to her, my cells can enter a dormant state when they're not in use. And, even though my metabolism is really high, it's also optimised - there's barely any waste. So, if I have no food, my body turns off the super-strength, and without that, my metabolism is actually way lower than a normal human."
			"Jeez..." Amy said, amazed. "And she found all that out from your cells?"
			"That's Chlo for you." Bea smiled proudly. "She's a bona-fide genius."
			With that, Sparky revealed himself from under the table.
			"I brought my bowl! I'm going to eat so much bacon!" he barked excitedly.

			With that, Chloe arrived. The gang all rushed over to her and hugged her.
			"Happy birthday!" they all shouted excitedly.
			"Thank you everyone!" she beamed happily, hugging them all back.
			"Happy birthday Chloe!" Sparky howled happily.
			"Hah! I don't need Connor to translate that one, buddy - thank you!" she laughed, hugging him.
			The gang loaded up their plates, and returned to their table. Connor's plate was noticably stacked higher than anyone else's - save Sparky's bowl, that is.
			Chloe pulled out a small bag from her handbag. "Sorry, one sec..." she said, taking out a blood-testing kit. She pricked her finger, checked the number, and then pulled out her insulin. She injected herself with the correct dose, and began to eat.
			"By the way..." Connor said between mouthfuls. "I love what you've done with your hair."
			Chloe blushed, tucking a lock behind her ear. "Hah... really?"
			"Yeah, absolutely. You look beautiful." he smiled.
			"You do, Chlo. You look stunning." Bea added.
			"If I ever grow out my back and sides, you bet I'm going for that look." Trey quipped, pointing at his own undercut ponytail.
			"I love it! If my mane ever gets long enough, can you make mine look like that?" Sparky barked.
			The group burst into laughter. Chloe smiled warmly.
			"Thanks guys... I really appreciate all this."
			Connor kissed Chloe's cheek. She turned and kissed him properly.
			"Eugh, get a load of these lovebirds!" Amy jeered, laughing.
			"Straight people, am I right?" Trey quipped.
			
			Half an hour passed. Connor was loading up his third plate (and Sparky's third bowl), while the humans rubbed their bellies and groaned.
			"Won't Sparky get overweight from all that?" Bea asked, somewhat concerned.
			"His metabolism is the same as mine, so no." Connor replied, stroking Sparky's ears.
			"It is? Why?" she tilted her head.
			"Um... beacause he has the same powers as me?"
			"He does?!" she gasped.
			"Wait. Did you think the only weird thing about Sparky was that he can talk?" Connor asked, surprised.
			"I mean, that's all you said!" Bea chuckled.
			Connor and Sparky laughed. Bea stroked Sparky's ears.
			"So, all those times I won tug of war with you..." she began.
			"Oh, I absolutely let you win." Sparky replied, winking.
			She burst out into laughter.
			Connor went to translate, but Bea raised her hand.
			"The wink said it all." she chuckled.
			"So, Connor... is Sparky the reason why people call you the Werewolf?" asked Shannon.
			"I think so. People hear stories of a kevlar-clad man fighting crime, and then they hear of a kevlar-clad wolf fighting crime. So, I think people just started to assume it was the same dude."
			"Makes sense." Bea shrugged. "Oh, that reminds me - I like your codename, Amy. Or should I say Stunlocke!"
			Amy grinned. "It's *way* better than Werewolf."
			"It's a lot better than Vanguard, that's for sure." Connor rolled his eyes. "Speaking of, Ivan and Olivia have offered to watch the city while we're away."
			"Bless 'em." Trey grinned. 
			"Can I just say..." Amy groaned, "This meal was amazing."
			"Just wait until we get to mine. I bet Sveta's made a feast." Chloe grinned.
			"Best birthday ever, eh?" Amy smirked.

		Chloe's birthday - breakfast
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"So, um..." Connor began. "I know you said not to get you anything too fancy for you, but..." he revealed a small box. "Happy birthday, Chloe."
			Chloe beamed with excitement, and opened the box. She pulled out a beautiful wristwatch.
			"Oh my god!" she gasped. "Connor, this must have cost a fortune!"
			Connor blushed. "It's, um... I got it cheap. Well... I made it. For you." he said, clearing his throat.
			Chloe looked at him, and pulled him in for a kiss.
			After that, Bea handed her a box. "Happy Birthday, Chlo." she said, smiling warmly.
			Chloe smiled back, and opens the box. Inside was a scrapbook.
			"So, it's not as fancy as a homemade pocketwatch." Bea quipped, elicitng chuckles. "But, I thought it would be nice to make a scrapbook with photos from the year."
			"I love it. Thank you so much!" Chloe smiled, embracing Bea.
			Amy handed over a wrapped object. "Happy Birthday!" she cheered.
			Chloe opened it up. She laughed heartily.
			"This is very me." she giggled, holding the present aloft - a hoodie with cartoons of Pythagoras and Einstein fighting over who gets to use C^2 in their formulae.
			Shannon passed her a small box. Chloe opened it, and inside was a collection of fresh biotech books.
			"I'm sure you've already read them all..." Shannon blushed. Chloe beamed with happiness.
			"Not at all! I've been looking for a copy of this one!" she said, holding aloft one about cybernetics. "Thank you so much!"
			Trey slid his gift over. "I hope you like it - happy birthday!" he smiled.
			Chloe opened it, and smiled warmly. "You were wrong about the rum we got you. *This,*" she said, holding aloft a bottle of *very* expensive vodka, "is 'Top Shelf Shit'."
			Finally, Sparky handed her a birthday card. "I hope you like it!"
			She took it from his mouth, and smiled deeply. Connor had done the writing, but there were several painted paw prints - clearly Sparky's 'signature.'
			She gave him a tight squeeze. "Thank you, buddy!"
			She turned to the whole group.
			"Thank you all so much!" she said happily. "This... This is the best birthday ever."

			The group finished their meals, and headed to the two cars outside.
			"Okay, here's the plan - I'll drive Sparky, Chloe, and Bea - and Trey will drive Amy and Shannon." Connor explained.
			The group hugged.
			"See you guys at Chloe's!" Amy beamed.
			"See you soon!" Chloe replied excitedly.
			The two groups entered their cars, and drove off.

			In Connor's car, Bea piped up.
			"So, Chlo." she began. "How drunk are we getting compared to last year?"
			"Hopefully not vomit-inducing." Chloe chuckled.
			"You excited to see your family?" Connor asked, smiling.
			"Hah... my dad and Sveta, sure. Luna too." Chloe sighed. Bea put a compassionate hand on Chloe's shoulder.
			"I like Luna! She was fun to play chases with." Sparky barked.
			"Aww... I think Luna really liked you!" Chloe smiled, stroking Sparky's head.
			"She's been spayed, right?" Bea quipped.
			"What does that mean?" Sparky asked innocently.
			"Ah." Connor chuckled. "She's had her lady-parts removed." he explained.
			"Okay - and?" Sparky asked, confused. Connor laughed.
			"It means she can't go into heat anymore."
			Sparky pulled his head back. "You mean... like a *human?*" he asked, faux-disgusted.
			They burst into laughter.
			"Speaking of..." Chloe began. "Sparky?"
			He turned his head to face her.
			"Does Luna speak to you? As in, can you understand her?"
			"No, not really." he shook his head. "I mean, I think I understand her better than a human does, but that's because we're both dogs. I can't hear her the way you guys can hear me.
			Chloe leaned back, mentally noting another topic to study.
			"Any other psychic powers you guys have?" Bea quipped.
			"We can mind-merge." Connor nonchalantly replied. "Even weirder, if we're asleep and touching, we share dreams. Oh, and Olivia - or Whiplash, if you prefer - can manipulate motion."
			"Jesus..." Bea gasped.
			"You know..." Connor began, looking at Chloe. "Back when you first met him, he was trying to give me flirting tips." he admitted.
			Chloe laughed. "What kind of tips?"
			"He told me I should sniff your butt, and he'd let me know when you're in heat." Connor explained. Chloe and Bea burst out laughing.
			"Bless him!" Chloe said between laughs.
			"Then I learned humans don't have heat! How odd is that?!" Sparky barked.

			Meanwhile, in Trey's car, Amy piped up.
			"So, Chloe's house is really posh, isn't it?"
			"Apparently." Trey nodded. "Connor says her mum's really stuck-up."
			"Sounds like the apple fell far from the tree." Shannon noted. "She seemed worried about how her mum might treat me."
			"People are rarely cunts in just one way." Trey shrugged. "I mean, just ask a Klansman his thoughts on Catholics."
			"Chloe mentioned her brother to me once." Amy nodded. "Supposedly he's engaged to some Lady or something."
			"Well, you know all about dating ladies." Trey snarked, laughing. The girls laughed too.
			"That's a shout - this car is a queers-only zone right now." Amy chuckled.
			"This car is always a queers-only zone." Trey laughed. "You should *see* the stuff Connor has to do every time he comes in..."
			Amy pulled her head back, grossed-out at the joke.
			Shannon laughed. "Is that why he 'rides shotgun'?" she asked, placing the words in scare-quotes and miming some... incomprehesible gesture.
			Trey burst into laughter. "He rides something alright."
			Amy slapped Trey's arm, and laughed. "You are *so* lucky you're driving."
			"What's the matter?" Trey chuckled. "Something wrong with being into men?"
			Amy laughed again. "If Connor was into men, I'd have no problem. It's him shagging *you* I'd be mad about - he needs to have *some* standards."
			"Love you too, dickhead." Trey quipped.

		Chloe's birthday - driving
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was late afternoon, as Connor and Trey's cars pulled into Chloe's house's driveway.
			"You okay?" Connor asked her, as she took a deep breath.
			"Y--Yeah, I'm okay." she stuttered. "Let's go."
			Connor smiled softly, and the group exited their cars. Sveta and William both came out to greet them.
			"Happy birthday!" they both shouted, rushing over and hugging Chloe.
			Chloe returned the embrace, and smiled warmly.
			Trey, Amy, and Shannon exited their car.
			"Hey! My name's Trey." he introduced himself.
			"I'm Amy."
			"And I'm Shannon."
			"Lovely to meet you all!" William smiled. "I'm William, Chloe's father."
			He turned to face Connor. Connor smiled and put out his hand for William to shake - an unspoken gesture, as if to say "Yeah, I'm dating your daughter now - best show you some respect."
			William smiled in approval, and shook Connor's hand. "Good to see you again, Connor."
			"Likewise, Mr. Derrington." Connor nodded. Chloe smiled at him.
			William chuckled. "Mr. Derrington is my father. Please, call me William."
			Connor bowed his head respectfully, and smiled.
			Bea walked over, and hugged both William and Sveta. "Good to see you both again!" she smiled warmly.
			Sveta hugged Chloe. "Happy birthday, moya dorogaya." she said, smiling.
			"Spasibo, Sveta. Ya skuchala po tebe." Chloe replied, hugging her back.
			"And hello again, little man!" William said, seeing Sparky.
			Sparky barked excitedly.
			"Let's go in, shall we? It's freezing out here!" William smiled.
			
			The gang entered Chloe's house. Amy looked around with awe.
			"Whoa..." she said, amazed at the sheer size of the place.
			"Oi, Amy - stop eyeing up the chandelier, you thief." Trey chuckled.
			"Fuck you--oops." Amy said, realising her language.
			William simply laughed. "Welcome in, everybody - so, Svetlana has nearly finished making the birthday meal. I hope you're all hungry - she's prepared a feast!"
			"Spasibo, Sveta!" Chloe smiled, hugging Sveta tightly.
			"Pozhaluysta, dorogaya." Sveta replied, hugging her back.
			"Sveta, do you need a hand with the cooking at all?" Connor asked.
			"No thank you, Connor. I'm nearly finished." she answered, smiling gratefully.
			"I can wash up if you like?" Chloe offered.
			"It's fine, dorogaya. Please, enjoy your birthday with your friends." she answered, brushing Chloe's arm.
			"By the way..." Chloe began, "Where's grandad?"
			"Ah." William sighed, as did Sveta.
			"Your grandfather, he..." Sveta began. "He got confused last night, and tried to get out of his wheelchair. He had a fall, and we're worried he's broken his hip. He's in hospital - don't worry, he's being looked after."
			Chloe turned pale. "Oh god... is he going to be okay?"
			"He'll be fine, darling." William smiled softly. "Maybe you could pop round and see him while you're up?"
			"Yeah, that's... that's a good idea..." she replied, before shaking herself.
			
			Sveta returned to the kitchen to finish up, and the group headed into the living room.
			"So... where's mum and Victor?" Chloe asked.
			"Um..." William began, wincing slightly. "Your mother and Victor are seeing Vivienne this afternoon."
			"On my birthday?" Chloe replied, sadly.
			"I'm sorry, darling. They'll be here for dinner." William said.
			"Who's Vivienne?" Trey asked.
			"My brother's fiancee." Chloe replied, the distaste audible in her voice.
			"Guessing you guys don't get on?" Amy noted.
			"Eh... She's alright I suppose." Chloe shrugged. "A bit of an airhead, but not malicious."
			"She's a royal, isn't she?" Bea cocked an eyebrow.
			"Barely." William chuckled. "29th in line to the throne. Hardly 'privy council'."
			"Damn..." Amy muttered, surprised. "Does she live in a castle or something?"
			William laughed. "Most likely just a country house like this."
			Chloe smirked. "Sure, *just* a country house like this."
			"I mean, to me, this is a castle." Amy grinned.
			William chuckled. "Well, I won't pretend it's not a nice place."
			"Bea's place is bigger." Chloe smirked.
			"Your garden's bigger than mine, posh girl." Bea retorted, grinning.
			"Ladies, please. Just because Amy thinks a 2-bed flat is for the 1%." Trey quipped.
			Amy laughed. "Your dad *owns* your house - hardly 'poorer-than-thou'."
			The gang chuckled. With that, William got a phone call.

			"Oh, it's Victor - excuse me." he said, answering. "Victor?"
			"Father, hello." Victor began. "Vivienne has insisted that she come over to wish Chloe a happy birthday, so she will be coming with us. Is the place presentable?"
			"Yes, Victor, my house is as it always is." William replied curtly.
			"Good. And - tell Chloe not to embarrass me."
			"It is her birthday, Victor. She may do as she pleases." William replied, a tranquil anger creasing his face.
			"Fine. Also - please don't tell me Beatrice is there."
			Bea smirked and cleared her throat. "Hi, Victor."
			"Oh, Beatrice." Victor said, spooked. "I, um... Will you be staying long?"
			"Victor. Enough. You will *not* be rude to guests. I raised you better than that." William snapped. "Chloe's friends are here. If that is a problem for Vivienne, she may leave. If it will be a problem for you, you may also leave. It is your sister's birthday."
			Victor sighed. "Friends?" he asked, emphasising the plural.
			"This conversation is over. I will see you when you get here." William growled, and hung up.

			He turned to face the gang, and sighed. "I'm sorry, everyone."
			"Ah, don't be." Trey began, smiling.
			"My brother, everyone..." Chloe pinched the bridge of her nose.
			"When he says 'embarrass' - what does he mean?" asked Connor.
			Chloe smirked. "Remember the inbred joke you told me?"
			Connor smirked, then froze. "Um. I--"
			William smiled and chuckled. "I had to force a laugh into a cough when Chloe said that one."
			Connor relaxed, glad that his joke wasn't being taken too seriously.
			"By the way... Um, Shannon?" William began, looking nervous.
			She looked up.
			"Catherine, my wife - she's, well, a very conservative Evangelical. I... I doubt she'll say anything, but if she does comment on... on certain topics." he swallowed. "You have my full blessing to tell her to mind her own business."
			Shannon nodded graciously.
			"I'll just be extra gay, to distract her." Amy quipped, causing chuckles.
			"I've never understood that." Trey began. "Christian queerphobia, that is."
			Connor smirked, recognising the joke. "Oh yeah, and why is that?"
			"'cos Jesus was gay." Trey replied, nonchalantly.
			"How'd you figure?" Bea asked, tilting her head.
			Trey nodded at Connor, gifting him the punchline.
			Connor smirked deviously. "Says it in the Bible. He rode an ass."
			The group laughed heartily.

		Chloe's birthday - at her place
		______________________________
		SCENE
			An hour had passed. Victor's car pulled up in the driveway.
			Victor, Vivienne, and Catherine exited the car.
			Victor turned to Vivienne.
			"Viv, darling - I am truly sorry in advance. Chloe spends her time with some total ruffians."
			"Don't worry, my love. I am sure it will be fun!" she replied. Her voice was somehow posher than Victor's - so posh, it was a speech impediment. A hallmark of the aristocracy.
			Catherine smirked. "Well, let's get this over with."
			They headed into the living room, spotting Bea, Shannon, and Amy.
			"Hello, Catherine!" Bea said, putting on a smile. "This is Shannon and Amy."	
			The girls nodded and waved.
			"Beatrice." Catherine nodded. "Amy." Her gaze fell on Shannon, and she scowled.
			Victor nodded curtly. Vivienne walked over and shook their hands.
			"I'm Vivienne. Pleasure to meet you all!" she said.
			"Lovely to meet you, too." the girls smiled, ignoring Catherine.
			The group headed into the kitchen, where Chloe and Sveta were talking.
			"[And then he said to me, "Woman, I'm your commanding officer." And, well, me and my big mouth - I said, "I don't care if you're Comrade Lenin's secret son. I'm not making you any fucking tea."]" Sveta laughed.
			Chloe chuckled, wiping her eyes. "[So that's how you ended up peeling potatoes?]"
			"[No, *that* was for striking a superior officer.]" Sveta replied, smirking.
			Catherine cleared her throat. "Happy birthday." she said, in the most forced voice imaginable.
			"Thanks." Chloe replied, deadpan. "Glad you decided to show up."
			Catherine scoffed, and left the room. Vivienne ran up and hugged Chloe.
			"Hi Chloe! Oh, it is so good to see you. Happy birthday!" she said. Chloe awkwardly hugged her back.
			"Um, thanks, Vivienne." she replied.
			"Where is dad?" Victor asked.
			"Out the back, with Connor, Trey, and the dogs." Chloe answered curtly.
			"Oh, dogs? You have a new dog?" Vivienne asked, excitedly.
			"Nah, Connor brought his dog." Chloe smirked, knowing Victor's fear of Sparky.
			Victor's face curled into a look of horror, as Vivienne opened the door.
			Sparky and Luna both ran up to her happily, barking and yapping.
			"Hi, I'm Connor, and this big man is Sparky."
			"Oi, my name's Trey, not Sparky." Trey chimed in, nudging Connor playfully. Both chuckled.
			William laughed, and walked over. "Hello again, Vivienne." he smiled.
			Vivienne hugged him. "Hello, Mr. Derrington! It is so good to see you again!" she smiled.
			Connor smiled, and then turned to face Victor. "Hey, Victor. Good to see you again."
			
			Victor scoffed, and headed back inside, as did everyone else. Sveta finished laying the table. A massive stack of pancakes had been made, along with an assortment of toppings - maple gammon, fried chicken, ice cream... the works.
			"Okay, everybody - I've made us a feast to rival Christmas." she smiled. Catherine re-entered the room.
			"Thank you, Ms. Popova. You can go now." she said, sneering.
			"Absolutely not." Chloe snapped. "Sveta, dorogaya - please stay for dinner."
			Sveta smiled warmly. "Of course, dorogaya. Happy birthday."
			Catherine scowled, and took her seat, as did everyone else. Chloe checked her blood sugar levels.
			Catherine went to speak, but William jumped in before she could.
			"So, Vivienne - how are things?"
			"Good, thank you, William! "
			Chloe rolled her eyes, and injected her insulin. Connor gave her a comforting smile.
			Catherine cleared her throat. "Are we forgetting something?"
			"Ah yes." Victor said, placing his hands together, but Catherine stopped him.
			"Connor." she said. The first time she'd spoken to him since he met her in mid-December. "Perhaps you'd like to say Grace?"
			Connor shuffled awkwardly. "Of course, Mrs. Derrington." He cleared his throat. "I'd like to thank--"
			Catherine interrupted him. "That is not how we say Grace. Recite the Lord's prayer. Don't you know it?" she sneered.
			Chloe scowled, and went to speak, but Connor smirked. He crossed himself, and began.
			"Our father, who art in heaven. Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on Earth as it is in Heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us for our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. Ame--"
			Catherine cut him off again. "For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory. Forever, and ever, Amen."
			Connor swallowed, remembering that Protestants used doxologies in the Lord's prayer.
			"In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit--" he continued.
			"*Ghost.*" Catherine corrected.
			"Amen." Connor finished. People began eating, but a tense silence had filled the room.
			Eventually, William cleared his throat. "So, Connor - I don't mean to pry, but are you Catholic?"
			Connor smiled. "Nah, but I was brought up that way." he answered. "My family's Catholic."
			William smiled back, glad to have the chance to get to know Connor better. "Is that so?"
			"Yeah - I grew up in Derry."
			"You mean Londonderry?" Vivienne asked. Everyone except Catherine and Victor shuffled uncomfortably.
			"Ah." Connor chuckled awkwardly. "Well, let's just say that's a slight area of contention."
			"So, um... You grew up in Derry? When did you move to England?" William changed the subject.
			"2003." Connor answered. "Moved over to Devon."
			"Why did you move?" Vivienne asked. William shuffled uncomfortably. He made a point of not asking the *why...*
			Connor suppressed a sigh - he could tell she meant no harm by it.
			"It, um... It was a violent time in Derry. We lived on the Bogside, so we got the worst of it." he explained as politely as possible.
			"What, the IRA blew up your house?" Victor asked, suppressing a grin at poking the bear.
			Connor's face turned grim for a moment. "No, not them."
			Victor turned a little pale at that, taken aback slightly. Chloe squeezed his hand.
			Vivienne smiled, unaware of any tension.
			"And you're not religious any more then?" Victor asked.
			"Victor. That's a little personal, don't you think?" William sighed.
			"He's dating Chloe. I think we're entitled to ask personal questions." Catherine replied.
			Connor took a breath. "Nah, not anymore. When I was moved to England, the foster-home I was in wasn't particularly interested in religion. So, I stopped attending mass, and just sort of stopped believing from that." he explained.
			Catherine scowled. "Well, that explains why you don't know the Lord's prayer."
			Chloe sighed audibly. "Mum, you do realise that's the correct version for Catholics, right?"
			"Are we Catholic, Chloe?" Catherine snapped.
			"I've never understood the difference. What is the difference?" asked Bea, trying to break the tension.
			Connor grinned. "In terms of Catholics versus Anglicans, not much. Pretty much the only real theological difference is the head of our church is the Pope, while theirs is the king. Well, that and transubstantiation. And divorce." he explained. "Other Prod--uh, Protestant groups have their own traditions. In Ireland, the majority of Protestants are Presbyterian. They, like most Protestants, believe that the bible is the only valid source of doctrine. Anglicans don't, as a whole, accept Sola Scriptura - the King and the Archbishop of Canterbury can make doctrinal changes."
			Vivienne nodded politely. "I've met the King. He's a wonderful man."
			Connor sipped his drink, keeping his opinions of the monarchy to himself.

		Grace
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Everyone began to eat, now that the grace pissing-contest was done.
			"I must say, your home is lovely, Catherine." Vivienne continued.
			"Why, thank you, Vivienne." Catherine replied, smiling smugly.
			"It's a great house, yeah." Trey added. "How long have you guys lived here?"
			"Oof, about... 17 years now?" William said unsurely.
			"16." Catherine corrected.
			"Right, yes, 16." William nodded curtly.
			"Where did you guys live before?" Amy asked.
			"The West End." Chloe answered. "We moved here when I was little."
			"Damn, so you're a Londoner beneath it all." Amy smirked.
			Chloe chuckled.
			Bea laughed. "Beneath all the sweetness and shyness, she's secretly a Cockney."
			Chloe grinned at that. "Oi oi." she said mockingly.
			Trey smirked. "My dad got his start as a cabbie in London. Hence why he sounds like--"
			"Awroigh mate. Wot yoo fink yor doin?" Connor cut in, exaggerating a Cockney accent. Trey cackled.
			"That was uncanny, bro." he snarked. "Almost had me."
			"Father?!" Connor jokingly cried. They both chuckled.
			Victor rolled his eyes. "Are you quite done?"
			"Victor!" William snapped.
			"What? They're having this insular conversation at the dinner table."
			"You're welcome to join in at any time." Chloe muttered. Victor scoffed.
			Connor cleared his throat. "So, um, Victor - what do you do for work?" he asked, trying to include him.
			"Nothing." he replied curtly. "I'm currently in the final year of my Master's degree at Cambridge."
			"Nice." Connor nodded. "Studying what?"
			"Economics."
			"Awesome. What kind? Like, Austrian school, Keynesian, Marxist..."
			Victor was taken aback slightly. "Austrian school, of course. And, my goodness, Marxist?"
			"I mean, it's an economic school of thought." Connor shrugged. "That's cool. Never could get along with the Austrian school myself. I like Adam Smith's stuff though - that was interesting."
			The whole table gave Connor a funny look.
			"You read economic books?" asked Bea.
			"You can *read?*" Amy teased.
			Connor laughed. "Hey, it's interesting."
			Chloe smiled. "I had no idea. I mean, not that I'm surprised, I..."
			"I am." Amy jeered.
			"Me too." Victor smirked.
			Amy shot him a dirty look - one that said, "Hey, I get to take the piss - you do not."
			"Yeah, I read them when I was 17. I will say, I never made it through Das Kapital." Connor explained.
			"You're a communist?" Victor asked, somewhat accusatory.
			Catherine scowled, while Sveta grinned fondly.
			"I'm a bloke who read some economic books when he was 17." Connor replied evasively.
			William cleared his throat. "So, Connor - what do you do for work?"
			"I work in a garage." he answered.
			Victor chuckled.
			"Something to say, Victor?" William snapped, fed up of this now.
			"Not at all. What a bright future you have, Connor." Victor snarked.
			Connor chuckled. "Indeed. Trey, Shannon, and I work at the same garage. I say 'garage' - more just a workshop where we fix things. Computers, cars, lawnmowers, fridges... anything, really."
			"It's good work." Trey added. "I mainly do the cars, while Connor does the computers."
			"Are you rather technical, then?" Sveta asked.
			"Yeah, I get by. I studied IT in college for a little while." Connor shrugged.
			Chloe smiled, and covertly put her hand on his under the table. He smiled back.
			"What do you do for work, Viv?" Amy asked.
			"Oh, me?" Vivienne replied. "I make my income through land and investments."
			"Decent enough." Amy nodded, sipping her drink.
			Catherine rolled her eyes at Amy's blatant lack of class. Amy smirked, knowing full well what effect she was having.
			"I must say, I love the paintings you have here." Vivienne said, pointing at a painting on a wall. "Is that a FitzGerard?"
			"Such a good eye you have, my love." Victor replied. "I don't suppose our guests would recognise a FitzGerard though."
			William snapped hard. "Victor!"
			Trey quipped in. "I'll have you know I've broken into some very nice houses, thank you very much."
			At that, the whole table, minus Victor and Catherine, erupted into laughter.

		Chloe's birthday - dinner
		______________________________
		SCENE
			A few hours passed, and it was late evening, as the group nursed their full bellies. Catherine and Victor had gone to bed. Vivienne had left for home. Sparky was curled up on the floor with Luna, who had buried herself in him for warmth.
			"Well, I'd best be off." Sveta said, smiling warmly. "S dnem rozhdeniya, dorogaya."
			Chloe hugged Sveta tightly. "Beregi sebya, Sveta. Ya lyublyu tebya."
			"Ya tozhe tebya lyublyu." Sveta replied, hugging her back.
			Chloe returned to her seat, and nuzzled Connor. He put his arm around her and smiled.
			"Oh, Connor?" Sveta began, standing at the door. "You said earlier you work in the garage? Could you take a look at my car quickly? There's a warning light I'm unsure about."
			"Uh, yeah, no problem." Connor replied, rising. He went outside with her.
			Now alone, Sveta smiled. "I just wanted to say... thank you for what you did for Chloe. She's lucky you were there."
			Connor smiled, and looked down shyly. "I'm the one who's lucky." he said. "Did she tell you what happened earlier this week?"
			Sveta shook her head.
			"Long story short..." he took a deep breath, "If it weren't for her, I and thousands more would be dead."
			Sveta smiled proudly. "That's my girl."
			"Oh, and by the way..." Connor grinned. "Your former commissar says hi."
			Sveta's brow creased in confusion, before she let out a hearty laugh.
			"Tell him 'the Modern Demina' says hi back." she grinned.
			Connor chuckled, and she entered her car.
			"So, what's the warning light?" he asked.
			Sveta chuckled, endeared. He realised the ruse, and chuckled with her. She drove off, and he returned into the house.

			"All sorted?" Chloe asked, giving him a covert wink.
			"Yeah, all good." Connor smiled back, sitting down with her.
			"Right... I'm going to bed." Bea mumbled, clearly tired. "See you later, Chlo. Happy birthday." she said, hugging her.
			Chloe hugged her back. "Thanks, girl. Love you."
			"Oh, speaking of." William began, rousing from his slumber. "Sleeping arrangements for tonight - Bea, you can have the same room as usual. There are two spare rooms made up - I'm sure you four can figure out an arrangement." he explained. "And Sparky can sleep wherever he likes."
			"Dibs on Connor!" Trey grinned. "Don't worry bro, I'll keep my hands to myself."
			"If you like having those hands attatched to your arms, you will." Connor snarked, eliciting chuckles.
			Sparky yawned, nuzzling into Luna.
			"Night, guys." Bea said, heading upstairs.
			"I'm gonna head up too." Trey stretched. "Happy birthday, Chlo."
			"Yeah, me too." Amy said. "Happy birthday, Chlo."
			"Thanks guys." Chloe smiled warmly. "See you in the morning."
			William rose to his feet.
			"I'll go to bed too. I'll see you in the morning. Happy birthday, darling." he said, hugging Chloe.
			"Thanks, dad." Chloe beamed.
			Lastly, Shannon stood. Chloe pulled her to one side.
			"Hey..." she began, whispering slightly. "I'm sorry about my mum, I..."
			"Don't be." Shannon smiled warmly. "You gave me fair warning, and hey, at least it's only been microaggressions. I'm glad you invited me - happy birthday."
			Chloe smiled, and hugged her. "Thanks, girl. See you in the morning."
			Shannon hugged her back, and went upstairs.

			Chloe returned to her seat, and leant into Connor.
			"Happy birthday." he said warmly, hugging her tightly.
			"Thank you..." she replied, smiling bright. She kissed him. They both melted into it.
			They pulled apart, and looked deep into each other's eyes.
			"You know... I'm really glad to have you here." she said.
			"I'm glad to be here. And... I'm glad I'm with you." he replied.
			Chloe sighed softly. "I'm sorry about dinner. They shouldn't have spoken to you like that."
			"I gave as good as I got." Connor smirked.
			"Did you eat enough?" she asked, worried slightly.
			"Yeah, I'm fine - I felt my muscles all twitch a few hours ago, so I think my metabolism's dropping." he replied.
			"That's good - let's just hope we don't get attacked by any giant mutants before you can gorge on junk food back home." she chuckled.
			"Don't tempt fate..." Connor smirked.
			"It's, um... It's Valentine's day next Sunday." he began shyly.
			"Indeed it is." she smirked.
			"I was thinking... do you wanna go get dinner somewhere?"
			"I'd love to."
			"I'll book something." Connor said, happily.
			He yawned, as did she.
			"Wanna go to bed?" she asked.
			"Eh, only if you're going." he replied, smiling.
			"It's gonna suck, you know. Having you be under the same roof as me, and not being able to just... hold you." she admitted.
			"I know what you mean. I mean, I know you were staying round mine while we waited for the heat to die down, but... I really liked cuddling you at night." Connor replied, blushing slightly.
			Chloe smiled, and kissed him.
			She pulled back, and put her hand on his main heart. He placed his hand there too, and squeezed her hand tightly.
			"It's still there, then?" he asked, smirking.
			"How many hearts do you have now?" she quipped, raising an eyebrow.
			"Oof... At least 5 last time I checked." Connor replied nonchalantly. "So, on the plus side, you can break it 4 times and I'll be fine."
			They chuckled. She looked into his eyes, and blushed.
			Time seemed to slow down for them.
			"It's funny, isn't it?" Connor began. "We've only known each other for 6 months, and yet..."
			"...it feels like longer, doesn't it?" she finished his sentence. Connor smiled warmly.
			"I should have asked you out *way* sooner." he smirked.
			"Yeah, you should have." she grinned.
			"If it helps, I consider our walk with Sparky to be our first date."
			"Really? Lame. I consider meeting in the library to be our first." she quipped back.
			Connor laughed. "You know... I'm not gonna lie, I had a crush on you since we met back then."
			Chloe smiled, and blushed. "I had one on you too."
			"Probably why it feels like we've known each other longer. We've practically been dating without realising."
			Chloe chuckled. "Well, in that case, I'm the one who approached you in the library - so technically, I asked you out."
			"Oh yeah? Well... Nah, I've got no comeback for that."
			Chloe leant into him, and closed her eyes for a moment, enjoying it.
			"Chloe, I..." he began. Chloe looked at him, her eyes fluttering slightly.
			Connor steeled himself. "I love you." he said.
			For a moment, time froze. Chloe's eyes widened.
			Then, she smiled - a wide, warm smile. She pulled him in, and kissed him. The two held each other in the kiss for as long as they could hold their breath.
			Finally, they pulled apart.
			"I love you too." she said, and hugged him tightly.

		I Love You

	Full of Grace
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The next morning, Connor awoke earlier than normal. He looked over, and saw Trey snoring slightly. He chuckled, morphed up some soft, warm clothes, and went downstairs.
			The sun was only just starting to peek over the horizon. It had snowed in the night, and the garden was frosted over. The light glistened off of the snow, but the air was so cold, it wouldn't even dream of melting. He saw Sparky curled up in Luna's dog bed, cuddling her. The two dogs awoke on his approach.
			"Morning, Connor!" Sparky smiled. "I think Luna needs toilet."
			Connor smiled back, and let both dogs out. Sparky rolled in the snow.
			"Oh wow!" he exclaimed. "It's like ice cream is falling from the sky!"
			Connor chuckled, endeared. "This is the first time you've seen snow, isn't it?"
			"Yes! It's way better than it looks on TV!" Sparky nodded, making the closest thing a wolf could make to a snow-angel. "I think there was some in Chechnya, but we were a bit busy."
			"Yeah - I think the tank was a little preoccupying." Connor grinned, and took a deep breath through his nose, letting the cold air fill his lungs. Then, he felt a pair of arms wrap around him.
			He turned around, and saw Chloe, wrapped up in a onesie. She hugged him properly. He melted into the embrace.
			"Morning." she said, half asleep.
			"Good morning." he replied, smiling warmly. He kissed her forehead, and she nuzzled into his chest.
			"I was just gonna let the dogs out... but looks like you beat me to it." she said, before crouching and giving Luna a cuddle.
			"Anything to get away from Trey's snoring." Connor quipped.
			She chuckled. "Oh, I know your metabolism has plenty of drawbacks... but on freezing mornings like this, it's nice to have a boyfriend with such a high body temperature."
			Connor grinned. "You know, you can just say I'm *hot.*"
			She laughed, and playfully whacked his arm. "I know you're a superhero and all, but are the quips necessary?"
			"Vital." Connor snarked. "Just imagine how much worse Trey would be."
			"Oh, we'd have to just write a comic book about him, at that point." she laughed.
			"Morning, Chloe!" Sparky said, trotting over.
			"Haha, morning Sparky!" she replied, stroking his ears. "Did you sleep okay?"
			"Yeah, I slept well thanks! I kept Luna warm all night." he chatted back.
			Chloe beamed. She knelt down, and gave Luna a cuddle.
			"Hey, my sweet girl. Who's a good girl? Whosagoodgirrrl?"
			Luna replied by licking Chloe, climbing up and wrapping her front legs over her shoulders.
			Connor smiled warmly, and knelt down by Sparky. "Whosagoodboyyy?" he went, mimicing.
			"I am. Duh." Sparky grinned, winking.
			"Oh, I could throttle you sometimes." Connor laughed.
			"No, you couldn't. You'd feel terrible."
			"...yeah, fair point." Connor smirked, then wrapped Sparky into an embrace.
			"Ah! No! I'm a big cool wolf! Not a blanket!" he faux-protested, as Connor tackled him to the ground.
			"Aww, is someone trying to pretend he doesn't enjoy cuddles?" Connor giggled.
			"I'm almost a year old! I... Yeah, I enjoy cuddles." he finally admitted.
			Chloe grinned giddily, and Luna wagged her tail in amusement.
			Connor rose to his feet. "So... what do you wanna do today? We don't have to head back until late."
			"Well, Bea and I were talking..." she began. "You guys were so lovely, showing us all around Drackhill - maybe it's time we showed you around our home town?"
			"That'd be really sweet." Connor smiled. "After that, I'll take you to go see your grandad, if you like?"
			"Oh, yes please." Chloe nodded quickly. "I know Sveta and dad said he's fine, but..."
			"Can't hurt to check." Connor shrugged. He hesitated.
			"If he's not... I've still got the super-serum in my car. Or, you know, in my bloodstream. If, big if, you want me to..."
			"No." she shook her head. "Not unless he's on the brink of death. Besides, we have no idea what it would do when used on an old person... let alone one with Dementia."
			"Shit, that's a good point..." Connor nodded. "The Rages are bad enough even when you've got your faculties."
			"Exactly. Anyway, you hungry?"
			"I'm always hungry." he grinned.
			"Well, you're always making those famous bacon sandwiches..." she grinned. "So, how about I make you something?"
			Connor smiled warmly. "That'd be lovely."

			The smell of hot, sizzling bacon acted as something of a summoning spell. In less than ten minutes, the entire group had filtered their way downstairs.
			"Thank god I made so much..." Chloe chuckled to herself.
			"Mmm... Bacon..." Trey groaned happily, like a zombie who'd just broken into a room full of brains.
			Chloe finished cooking, and Connor plated up the sandwiches. The gang all devoured their food like hungry dogs. Except for the actual dogs, who had long since inhaled their food and were now trying their luck at begging for scraps.
			"Right..." Chloe began. "Let's all get dressed quickly, and we can get out of here before the grown-ups get up."
			Shannon laughed heartily. "Woo, no supervision!"
			Connor flashed his eyes bright red. "Did someone say... super-vision?"
			"Ugh, they're getting worse." Chloe facepalmed, grinning.
			"Are we going anywhere with a dress code?" Amy asked.
			"Well, I was thinking a walk around town, and into the fields with the dogs - so wear something comfy and warm." Bea shrugged.
			Amy gestured at her fluffy pyjamas and fur boots. "There you go - look how fast I got ready."
			Connor grinned, and morphed on some decent-looking clothes.
			"It doesn't count if one of your superpowers is 'gets dressed really fast.'" Bea chimed in, smiling cheekily.
			"And even if it did, I was still dressed first." Amy laughed. "I beat the superhero, ha-ha."
			"Christ, I regret telling everyone now." Connor smirked.
			"Too late. I've been saving up all these roasts for months, now." she snarked back.
			Shannon grinned. "Well, at least the endless puns and quips are a family trait, not a job requirement."
			"Oh God, imagine if Trey was a superhero." Amy began. "We'd need to write a--"
			"I swear, we only have one brain cell between the lot of us." Connor chuckled, pinching the bridge of his nose.
			"I think I'd be an awesome superhero." Trey mused, smirking. "Actually, it's not fair that Amy gets to be one and I don't."
			"Trey, we've talked about this. Amy stole my powersuit fair and square." Connor grinned.
			"Finders keepers, bitch." Amy laughed.
			"I'm kind of offended. Am I that bad to hang around that you'd rather be a superhero?" Shannon faux-gasped.
			"You're the cool, badass hacker-mission control girl." Trey grinned. "I just sit around like your errand-boy."
			"Yeah, well maybe I like having an errand-boy." she snarked.
			"Maybe I could be Connor's sidekick!" Trey piped up.
			"You could be the Miles Morales to his Peter Parker." Amy nodded.
			"What, 'cause I'm black?" Trey gasped, placing his hand on his heart and feigning shock. Amy rolled her eyes and laughed.
			"Please don't be Miles." Chloe shook her head, faux-scared and grinning. "Peter dies in that one."
			"Oh yeah, he does. Wow, sis, thanks for that!" Connor played along.
			"Maybe the Robin to his Batman, then." Bea suggested, smirking.
			"What, so he can show off those legs in bright-coloured spandex?" Shannon quipped.
			"Of course." Trey laughed heartily.

		Morning after Birthday
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"So, welcome to Marlingham town centre!" Chloe began, waving in the direction of the square. She held Luna's lead in her other hand. "It's Sunday, so this is as busy as it gets."
			The gang looked around the near-deserted centre. Sparky let out a bark, which echoed quite nicely. He grinned.
			"Wow, a real bustling urban space, eh?" Trey grinned.
			"The town where nothing ever happens." Bea shrugged, chuckling. The gang walked onwards, down the market street.
			"I'd be such a cool superhero." Trey muttered to himself.
			"You're still going on about that?" Shannon chuckled.
			"What powers would I have?" Trey pondered aloud. "What would my codename be?"
			"Well, if comics are any indication, you'd have electric-based powers and be called 'Black something-or-other.'" Connor snarked.
			"That's very true." Trey grinned. "Black Lightning, Black Panther, Storm..."
			"Ooh!" Amy turned to Connor, excited. "You could give him your powers and call him 'Black Werewolf!'"
			"I'm happy with that!" Trey grinned.
			Connor chuckled. "Tell you what, it would be really handy if you could fly."
			"You can glide!" Amy grinned. "I have to drive everywhere."
			"Yeah, but only Olivia can actually fly." Connor grinned. "Honestly, it's unfair that she gets a free powerup and we're stuck with the same old shit."
			"I think it's unfair that you don't have laser-eyes." Bea snarked. "They turn red, after all."
			"I know!" he said with mock enthusiasm, flashing them. "Bloody unbelievable."
			At this point, Trey had subtly sneaked to the back of the group, along with Amy.
			"Oi..." he whispered. "Watch this."
			He made a snowball, and launched it, aiming right for the back of Connor's head. Without skipping a beat or even turning, Connor caught it in his hand.
			"Next time, don't say your plan aloud near the guy with super-hearing." he grinned.
			"Nah, even I heard it." Chloe snarked, brushing her hair away from her hearing aids. The gang roared in laughter.

			The walk ended near the old clock tower. Chloe turned backwards to face the group.
			"So, that's Marlingham." she grinned.
			"It's a nice town." Connor smiled. "A lot quieter, too. I wouldn't mind retiring here."
			"Yeah, that's a common thread. Hence all the old farts here." Bea chuckled.
			At that, Sparky stopped in his tracks.
			"What's wrong, buddy?" asked Amy.
			Connor sniffed the air, and he too stopped. He walked forward, following his nose.
			"What is it? Is it Super-Agents?" Chloe asked, concerned.
			"No, it's just... You smell that too, right bud?" Connor asked.
			"Yeah. I can't place it, but it smells familiar." Sparky nodded.
			"Him, over there." Connor motioned quietly at a man across the street. He wore bundly clothes and had his hood up, obscuring his features.
			"Human." Sparky confirmed.
			The man looked up, and pulled his head down. He grinned devilishly.
			"Hello Bea." he said.
			"Charlie..." Bea whispered, pale as a ghost.
			"What the fuck are you doing here?!" Trey roared, assuming a fighting stance.
			"Now, now. Calm down. I'm on bail until our court date." he replied, chuckling. "It's nice to see you all again."
			Sparky immediately pounced, slamming right into him. He roared right into his face.
			"I WARNED YOU! I SAID I'D KILL YOU!" he barked savagely, saliva dropping from his jowls. He was very, *very* careful to not let Charlie hear his words.
			"Oh god, please! Stop him!" Charlie begged.
			"Sparky!" Connor shouted. "Nothing permanent. We wouldn't want him squealing before his trial."
			Sparky grinned savagely, nodded, and bit Charlie's hood, dragging him away into an alley. He began hitting Charlie with his paws, doing his best to avoid cutting him. Still, Charlie cried in pain as beat after beat rained down on him.
			"You okay?" Chloe asked, hugging Bea.
			"Yeah, I'm fine, just... didn't expect that. Not at all." Bea shuddered, shellshocked.
			Connor walked over, and beckoned to Sparky. He hesitated, but returned to Connor's heel.
			Charlie stood, bruised and trembling. "I'm going to have that thing put down."
			Connor calmly walked over, cornering him. "When your trial comes, plead guilty. Saves Bea having to relive the trauma."
			"I didn't do anything wrong." Charlie snarled.
			Connor grabbed the hem of Charlie's coat, and pushed him against the wall.
			"You don't seem to get it, do you? Do what I just told you to do. Otherwise... Well, I can't guarantee your safety. There's wolves about."
			Sparky barked viciously. "He's giving you a chance. Take it, or don't. Actually... don't. I'm *very* hungry."
			Connor grinned - not happily, or amused. He grinned like a crocodile about to devour its prey.
			"You're living with your family again, right? Think how sad your mum'll be when she sees your face on the newspaper. I wonder what the headlines will say? 'Local cunt found ripped apart.' 'Urgent appeal: abusive bastard's kneecaps missing.' 'Throat slit: Much rejoicing.'"
			"You wouldn't dare." Charlie begged. "I-Imagine what that would do to Bea! To know you killed for her?"
			"Oh, believe me, that's the only reason you're still breathing." Connor growled savagely. "Go on, just give me a reason to stop listening to her. I dare you."
			Charlie gulped. Connor released his grip, and he and Sparky rejoined the group.
			"You're getting better at controlling your speech." Connor noted. They arrived to the others.
			"He bothers you again, he won't regret it. He won't have enough time to." Sparky said grimly.
			"Thanks." Bea nodded, forcing a smile. "Come on, let's get out of here. I wanna see my parents before we go back home."

		Exploring Marlingham
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Arriving at the Jefferson's house, Bea took a deep breath.
			"Hey..." she began. "I, um... I haven't told my family about Charlie, yet. Do you guys mind if I do this bit alone?"
			"Not at all." they all replied in near-unison.
			"How about we take the dogs into the fields over there for a run, while you sit down and chat?" Trey suggested.
			"Thanks." she smiled warmly. The group formed a collective hug, and Bea went inside.
			"It's getting late, by the way." Connor began. "I'm not sure what visiting hours are like on a Sunday."
			"Oh, crap." Chloe pinched the bridge of her nose. "I wanna be here for Bea, though..."
			"We'll call you." Amy nodded. "Besides, Bea won't mind."
			The group formed another collective hug, and Connor and Chloe went into his car, as the remainers headed into the fields.

			Bea walked into their spacious living room, and took another deep breath.
			"Bea? Is that you, sweetie?" her mum, Anya, called down from upstairs.
			"Hi!" she called back, smiling slightly. Immediately, the whole family rushed down the stairs.
			She smiled warmly as her parents embraced her, clutching them back and letting the moment hang. Once they finally released, Tea practically barged past them to hug her big sister.
			"Hey, Tea." she grinned, hugging back.
			"Hey, Bea." Tea smiled warmly.
			"Come on in, get yourself comfortable. Are you staying long?" asked Anya.
			"For a little while. It's a school night, but we've not gotta leave yet." Bea nodded, sitting down. They had a big circular sofa, which they used for such 'family meetings.'
			"So, how's uni? Enjoying it? Do you still hang out with those friends who picked you up after Christmas?" Patrick smiled.
			"Dad, enough of that!" Tea grinned. "How's the new boyfriend?"
			Bea let out a deep sigh. "We, um... we're not seeing each other anymore."
			Anya gently brushed her daughter's arm. "Oh no, what happened?"
			"He, um... he..." Bea began, her eyes welling up.
			"Oh god, did he cheat on you or something?" Tea gasped.
			"Tea! Let's not make assumptions." Patrick whispered sharply.
			"Sorry, Bea. What happened?" Tea corrected herself.
			Bea took another deep, deep breath. "He drugged me. And then... he beat me up. Really badly. I... I thought he was going to kill me."
			"WHAT?!" Anya gasped, her eyes aflame.
			"Where does he live? I'm gonna kill him!" Tea growled in rage.
			"Have you spoken to the police?! My god, I swear, I'll..." Patrick stammered, his face red with anger.
			"Guys!" Bea snapped, the three of them simmering down. "...sorry. Look, it's fine. There's gonna be a trial late next month, and there's enough evidence to get him locked away for a while."
			"W-when did this happen? And how long for?" Anya asked, tears now forming in her eyes.
			"Um... well, I didn't realise it, but... he'd been gaslighting me for a little while. But it didn't all kick off until early last month." Bea explained.
			"Oh god..." Tea cried. "Why didn't you tell us?"
			"I just... I wanted to wait until I'd seen you all. I..." she began, tears streaming down. "I didn't wanna do it over the phone."
			Her family immediately embraced her. She let the feelings wash over her, like a crashing wave of pain and relief.
			There wasn't much to say. It was wrong. It shouldn't've happened.
			But it did.

			Arriving at the orthopaedic ward of Marlingham Royal Hospital, Chloe paused for a moment.
			"What's wrong?" asked Connor.
			"Just... What if this makes his dementia worse? What if he doesn't recognise me, and that upsets him? Should I be here?" she asked, worried.
			"Hey..." Connor cut in gently. "He's your grandad. He's ill, and you're nearby. Of course you should be here. And if he gets confused, we'll help him through it."
			She smiled, and pulled his hand from her shoulder to her cheek, before they headed in.
			Oliver was half-asleep on his hospital bed.
			"Hey, grandad..." she began softly. He opened his eyes - the cataracts had gotten worse, and the sclera had bluish and yellowish tints to them.
			"Is that you, Sylvia?" he asked, trembling.
			"I--No, grandad, it's me, Chloe." she said, trying her hardest to not let her upset be audible.
			"Chloe..." he smiled. "I'm sorry, sweetheart. I can barely see anything these days. Blind as a bat, I am. You sound different... how are your speech lessons going?"
			Chloe sighed silently, then smiled faintly. "Th-they're g-going well." she said, putting on her old stammer.
			"That's great news, darling. You'll get there, I promise. You know, your uncle Danny had a stammer, too. Wait..." he rubbed his temples. "No, sorry. I'm thinking of my uncle Dennis. Your uncle Danny... no, Sylvia's dad was called Danny..."
			He forced a chuckle. "What am I like, eh? It should be me in school, not you."
			"Don't worry, g-grandad." she took his hand. "It's... it's perfectly normal to get confused."
			"There you go, sweetheart." he beamed. "That was perfect! I'm so proud of you."
			She smiled softly, trying hard not to cry.
			"Oh, as soon as I'm up again, we'll go out for a treat. Just don't tell your parents!" he gave a cheeky wink. She chuckled, and gave him a hug.
			Connor looked on, smiling sadly. He gently brushed her arm, staying silent.

			"Go get it!" Trey cheered, launching a tennis ball as far as he could.
			Sparky and Luna ran after it. Sparky intentionally ran rings, slowing himself down to give Luna a chance. She got the ball, and then the chasing was on.
			"Look at 'em go!" Amy laughed. "There's a new puppy we've taken in at work, by the way. He's a little goldie, poor baby was just left in a cardboard box off the road."
			"In this cold?" Shannon asked, shocked. "Poor baby!"
			"I know! Bless him. We've been calling him Kylo."
			At that, Sparky came rushing over.
			"Ooh! Everyone's back!" he cheered.
			The group headed towards the entrance of the fields, where Bea, Connor, and Chloe had arrived.
			"Yo!" Trey smiled, giving Bea a hug, which she graciously accepted. "Everything okay?"
			"Yeah..." she smiled. "Had a good heart-to-heart. Feel a lot better now. Anyway, the sun's about to go down, so we'd better grab our stuff and head back. I fancy a kip."
			"That's a very, very good shout." Trey chuckled. They made their way back to Chloe's place.

		Meeting Oliver
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Arriving back, the group grabbed their clothes and things, packing them into their cars.
			"Oh, Chloe? Connor?" William asked. They both walked over.
			"Chloe, your mother and I have been speaking today. I made it clear I wasn't happy with how she'd acted to you, Connor - and so she's agreed to give you a fair chance. I know it's a little strange, but - would you be alright if, before you leave, we sat down and had a little talk?"
			"Dad, we've gotta head off - besides, we're Bea's lift." Chloe sighed.
			"It's fine, there's space in Trey's car." Bea shrugged, before turning her voice quieter. "It might be a good idea, Chlo... at least she's trying for once."
			Chloe paused. "Connor, are you comfortable with this?"
			He shrugged as well. "If it makes your mum more willing to accept me, then sure."
			Bea hugged Chloe tightly. "I'll see you in uni tomorrow, yeah? Happy birthday."
			Chloe squeezed back. "Love you, girlie."
			"Love you too." Bea beamed, heading out to Trey's car.
			"Fuck off, get your own. Queers only." Trey snarked, before opening her door for her. She rolled her eyes, chuckled, and hopped in.
			Sparky let out a big yawn.
			"You wanna wait in the car, bud?" Connor asked.
			"Yeah, please." Sparky nodded back. The pair headed outside, and Chloe went to sit in the living room with her parents.
			"So... how's grandad?" William began, trying to cut the tension.
			"He's okay. A bit confused though. At first, he thought I was grandma."
			"Oh, dear." William sighed. "She's been dead for ages, though."
			"He also thought I was still a little kid. I had to put on a stutter so he wouldn't get freaked out."
			"It's how it goes, I guess..." William pinched the bridge of his nose. "Well, at least Sveta will be here when he gets back."

			While outside, Connor checked his phone. A text.
			"Bratan. It's on. Tomorrow morning. Hog and Hounds. Campbell there. Vulnerable." it read.
			He supressed a grin of excitement, and headed back inside.
			"Connor, please, take a seat." William smiled softly. Connor nodded, and did so.
			"Right, so... I know this probably feels a little awkward..." William began. "But... we just wanted to ask a few questions about you. To get to know you better."
			"An interview?" Chloe sighed exasperatedly.
			"A... discussion." William rephrased.
			Catherine, who had sat in silence until now, spoke. "So, Connor. Tell us about yourself."
			He awkwardly scratched the back of his head. "Um, well, my name's Connor, I'm 19, and I live down in Drackhill. I grew up in Derry, and moved back to England when I was wee."
			"Family? Parents?" she pushed.
			"Well, my mum, she---she died giving birth to me." he began. Chloe put her hand on his shoulder.
			He smiled, and continued. "I don't know who my father was."
			"I'm very sorry to hear that." said William, softly. "Who raised you from birth?"
			"My grandparents - on my mother's side, naturally. I grew up with them on the Bogside."
			"Bogside?" Catherine asked. It wasn't clear if this was snobbery at what she assumed to be a slang term, or genuine bewilderment.
			"Western side of Derry. It used to be the western stream of the river Foyle, but dried up ages ago, leaving a boggy fen. It's, uh--It's a Catholic-majority neighbourhood."
			"And... you mentioned the War?" William pressed.
			"Dad, how is this important?" Chloe cut in.
			"It's okay." Connor smiled softly. "My grandparents were killed in a car bombing, by a group called the OVA."
			"What on Earth for?" Catherine tilted her head.
			"My grandad, he... was active, before the war. He'd long since retired, I'm still not sure why they targeted him. My granny was just collateral damage. If it weren't for the fact that grandad was embarrassed to take me to church, I'd've been collateral damage, too. Instead, I watched it happen."
			"Oh, god..." William gasped. Catherine went a little pale, but she forced herself to look unaffected.
			"Are you done, now?" Chloe asked, frustrated.
			"Sorry, Connor." William shook his head. "I'm so sorry. I don't mean to dredge up painful memories, we just want to learn more about you."
			"Of course." Connor nodded. "Anyway, after that, I ended up in foster-care. That's where I met Amy."
			"I was going to ask if you had any relation." William nodded. "Anyway, you grew up in foster-care?"
			"No, only for a year."
			He had to stop himself from accidentally saying "Because I killed that bastard."
			"Anyway..." he continued, "My uncle Vince adopted us both after that. Well, technically he fostered us both, but we've always seen him as a father-figure."
			"Do you still live with your uncle?"
			"No, he... he's in jail. But he'll be out soon." Connor admitted.

			"Ah." William winced. "Right, well, moving on... this part may be a little... uncomfortable."
			"This whole thing is uncomfortable." Chloe snarked. Connor let out a chuckle.
			"Have you ever had a previous relationship?" William asked awkwardly.
			Connor scratched the back of his head again. "Yeah, once. We met at an inquiry - her mum was injured by the same thing that killed mine. We dated for a year and a bit, but she... it ended."
			"What happened?" Catherine pushed.
			"She saw someone else." Connor replied delicately.
			"Oh." William nodded, giving Catherine a side-eye. Connor remembered what Chloe had said about her mum before, and shuffled awkwardly.
			"Are you a virgin?" Catherine asked.
			"Mum!" Chloe snapped. "Does that matter?"
			Connor blushed a little. "Uh, I..."
			"You don't have to answer that." Chloe cut in.
			"You're right, I'm sorry." William replied, taking a deep breath. "We don't need to know."
			Catherine shrugged. "Do you drink alcohol?"
			"I drink socially. Never enough to get drunk, though." he shrugged.
			"Not a lie, unless he's mainlining ethanol." Chloe thought to herself, stifiling a grin.
			"Drugs? Ever used them?"
			"I've smoked weed in the past. Nothing heavier than that."
			"Catherine..." William said quietly. "Anyway, um... how long exactly have you two been seeing each other? Was it before or after Christmas?"
			"Before, obviously." Catherine chuckled.
			"After, actually." Chloe replied, almost scowling. "We've been officially dating for just under a month, now."
			"Officially?" Catherine cocked an eyebrow.
			"A will-they-won't-they, I presume?" William chuckled.
			"Yeah, something like that." Chloe shrugged.
			"Are you having sex?" Catherine asked nonchalantly.
			"Right, that's enough." Chloe snapped.
			"Chloe..." William sighed. "Are you or aren't you?"
			"None of your business!" Chloe barked. "I'm an adult, he's an adult!"
			"Well, yes, but..." William began.
			"But nothing! Ugh..." Chloe groaned.
			"They're not." Catherine nodded.
			"How do you..." William asked, confused.
			"They're teenagers. If they *were,* they'd've denied it." she noted.
			"It's *really* none of your business, either way." Chloe scowled.
			William cleared his throat. "Um... criminal record?"
			Connor shook his head.
			"Ever been arrested?"
			Another head shake.
			Catherine tilted hers. "Ever been in any trouble with the police, at all?"
			He nodded. "I've been detained."
			"What for?"
			"Nothing. They dropped all charges. The police chief was corrupt, anyway." Chloe cut in quickly.
			"You know an awful lot about this." William tilted his head.
			"Yeah, it... It happened a couple of weeks before we started dating." she admitted.
			"So, you knew he'd been arrested, and..." William began.
			"Detained." Connor corrected. "It was all a frame-up, anyway. The cops were exploiting the Terrorism Act to--"
			"Terrorism?!" William gasped. "What, like your grandfather?"
			"Dad!" Chloe snapped. "What the hell?!"
			Connor gently put out his hand to indicate he was okay. "No, it was all a load of shit---sorry, I mean, it wasn't legitimate. It was such an abuse of authority, the mayor had to practically disband the entire force and rebuild it."
			"But why you? The police don't just frame innocent bystanders." William asked.
			"Well, it wasn't just me. They got loads of us."
			"Us?"
			Chloe sighed. "Crap..." she thought.
			"Um... they detained a bunch of people. Even a detective, as well."
			"You still haven't said why *you.*" William noted. His body language had become more closed-off, and his tone more harsh.
			Connor sighed. "I, um... I used to be a thief, with my uncle. That's why he got nicked. Anyway, my boss, Tommy, he's still running the old gang, so I guess I got caught up in the sweep."
			William leaned back, his brow creased. "Thank you, Connor. Can you go and wait outside, please?"
			"Dad?" Chloe asked, hurt somewhat.
			"Please." he repeated coldly.
			Connor nodded, stood, and left the room. He saw Victor, who had been quite obiously eavesdropping.
			Victor looked like he was going to say something, but instead, merely left. Connor shrugged, and waited.

		The Interview
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"Thief? Old gang?" William asked, his voice sharp.
			"Yeah, like your partner is a saint." Chloe snarked.
			"Hey." Catherine said firmly - but surprisingly less venemous than usual. "Your father's right. A boy like that, with that kind of history..."
			"Oh, have had it up to here with this!" Chloe snapped. "You have no idea what he's been through! No idea what kind of life he's lead! No idea what kind of man he is!"
			"Oh, I imagine you've heard quite the sympathetic story." William began. "Chloe, we are not judging him because of what he's been through. We are judging what he's *done.*"
			"Sure, because stealing stuff is so bad." Chloe replied sarcastically. "If only he had a more respectable job, right? Something like stockbroking?"
			"What are you trying to say?" William cocked an eyebrow.
			"Oh, right - when your firm shorts a company and puts hundreds out of a job, that's just playing the market. When he robs a few wads of cash off of another gang, he's the devil incarnate."
			"That is--that is not remotely the same thing. He broke the law! I'm not even comfortable having him here unsupervised anymore!"
			"Well, if that's how you feel, then we're done here. I'll talk when you're ready to apologise." she said, standing to leave.
			"Chloe..." Catherine began. "I know I've not always shown it, but both of us - your father and I - just want the best for you."
			"Yeah, the loving mother act is getting a little old, now. Can we switch back to raging narcissist?" Chloe snarked.
			"Chloe!" William snapped. "I'm saying this for your own good. I'll drive you back to Drackhill tonight, if you want. But you are *not* seeing that boy again."
			"What the fuck?!" Chloe gasped, her blood boiling. "Who the hell do you think you are?!"
			"I'm your father, that's who! I'm not having you falling for another Francis!" he barked.
			"WHY NOT?! YOU LET ME FALL FOR THE *FIRST* ONE!" Chloe roared defiantly, tears now streaming down her cheeks. She stormed out of the room, and marched towards the car. Connor grabbed their bags from the hallway and followed, while William hit his head against the wall. Catherine stood.
			"Nice one." she scowled. "The one time I agree to play nice. Needn't've bothered."
			"You can't be serious. Have you forgotten what your attitude was like last night? What's changed?"
			"He was honest with us." Catherine shrugged. "I can respect *that,* if nothing else."

			They sat in silence for a good, long while. At least a minute and a half.
			Chloe was sat with her legs and arms both folded, staring straight ahead. Connor awkwardly held the wheel, uncomfortable. Sparky, who heard the whole thing, didn't know what to say, so instead, he pushed his head through the gap between the front seats, and rested it on Chloe's lap. She absently stroked it.
			Connor began. "I... I shouldn't've said anything, should I?"
			"No, you really, *really* shouldn't've." she replied, not looking at him.
			"...I'm sorry." he sighed. "I just... I didn't want to lie to them, is all."
			"Oh, so you can be honest with *them...*" she snarked.
			Immediately, she cringed, and faced him. "I-I'm sorry, I didn't mean that..."
			"It's okay." he nodded, slightly hurt. "It's okay if you did."
			"No, I... I didn't. I'm just snapping. I'm glad you're being more open and honest, but..."
			They both sighed.
			"Listen, I don't care about their approval. I'm more pissed off that they would treat you like that... especially my dad. I expect it from her, not from him."
			Connor took a deep breath. "I... I wasn't trying to listen in, I swear. But, you know... Super-hearing and all."
			"It was a shouting match. I bet *I* would've heard it." she chuckled mirthlessly. "You heard what they said about Francis?"
			"I did."
			She put a hand on his shoulder. "Connor... You're nothing like him."
			"But... I still treat you like shit." he said, his voice pained.
			"No, you don't." she said firmly.
			"Yes, I do. I lied to you, I fucked with your head by nearly dying and coming back, I put all this pressure on you..."
			"Connor." she cut in. "Yeah, okay, you lied, and it's gonna take a while before I'm fully okay with that. But I *do* forgive you. And I love you."
			"I love you too." he said swiftly. 
			"So that's all we need." she nodded.
			"Are you sure? For you, I mean." he asked.
			"Yes. Besides, if you ever tried to hurt me on purpose, Sparky would eat you."
			"Damn right." Sparky cut in. They all shared a chuckle.
			Connor cleared his throat. "I... I'm gonna go talk to him, if that's okay?"
			"Yeah, of course." she smiled.
			Connor approached the door, and knocked. William answered.
			"Connor. What ever it is you have to say, I--"
			"You're right."
			A pause.
			"You're right to be worried. Look... I know about Chloe's past. Of course I do. And I would never do anything to intentionally hurt her... but hey, I'm saying that *now.* People change. Maybe in 10 years time, I'll be a prick who treats her like dirt. I don't plan on that, for the record."
			Another pause.
			"My point is, no one can say for certain they'll still be moral in the future. I love Chloe. And part of that means I don't want her to fall out with you over this. Because if, in 10 years time, I'm a prick, she's gonna find it harder to come to you about it, because she'll think you'll say 'I told you so.'"
			"But... I wouldn't do that." he meekly protested.
			"Doesn't matter. She'll think you will. Listen... I'm not like Francis. I would never, ever hurt her like that. But I cannot guarantee that one day, I won't be a toxic arsehole who she shouldn't be with. And because I love her, I want her to have a support system, in case that ever happens. So please, for her sake - don't push her away."
			William took a deep breath. "That's... admirably insightful, Connor. But... I'm afraid I'm still not comfortable with you two being together."
			Connor shrugged. "I'm not gonna magically change how you feel. Just... think on it. Don't make things worse than they need to be."
			William paused, then nodded. Connor got back in the car.
			Chloe smiled softly, revealing her window was open.
			"Did you hear all that?" he asked.
			She winced, and rapidly tuned her hearing aids back down to normal. "You're not the only one with tunable hearing, Mr. Werewolf." she grinned.
			They shared a chuckle, and drove off.

			The room was dark, cold, and dingy. A man was tied up and being beaten. He had a black bag over his head.
			Another man entered the room, this time with black veins over his eyesockets, and an overall demeanour that screamed 'killer.'
			"So..." he began. "You gonna talk yet?"
			"Fu... Fuck you, Campbell." the beaten man spat.
			"Kill him."
			Without a word, the beater grabbed the man's head, and pulled. With a disgusting squelch, the head popped off.
			"What should we do with the body?" the beater asked, still holding the head.
			"Feed 'im to Junior." Campbell grinned.
			His henchman nodded. He took the body, and headed into a cellar.
			It was dark, and eerie down there. No noise save for an awful, grunting, panting sound. Whatever was in there, it was big. And definitely not human.
			"D-dinner, Junior." the henchman stammered, throwing the body down.
			"RAAGH!" the creature screamed back, before a skinless, giant claw gripped the corpse from the shadows, and pulled it in. Vile chewing noises filled the air, and the man quickly left, only to see the door was now locked.
			"Hey... hey! Who locked the door?! Let me out! LET ME OUT!"
			Campbell sauntered to a glass pane on the door, and grinned sadistically.
			"Oh, but he's still hungry? Aren't you, Junior?"
			"Please, sir... please, I'm begging you..."
			"Dinner time." Campbell nodded. He walked away as the screams and tearing noises echoed in the air, smiling savagely.

		William turns
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The car pulled up outside Chloe's block of flats. Both took a deep breath. Chloe silently pondered about how this felt more like home, now.
			"I'll walk you up?" Connor asked, breaking the tension.
			Chloe smiled, and nodded silently.
			Sparky yawned.
			"Hey, buddy." Connor chuckled.
			"Hey..." he mumbled, half-asleep.
			"I'm gonna walk Chloe up to her place. I'll be down in a little bit, and then we'll go home. We've gotta be in Belson tomorrow morning, so get as much rest as you can."
			"Okay!" Sparky smiled. "Bye, Chloe!" he said, licking her face.
			"See you soon, Sparky." she chuckled, stroking his ears.

			The pair walked up to Chloe's door. They lingered for a moment.
			"So..." he began. She blushed.
			"Thank you... I really enjoyed spending my birthday with you." she said. "Sure, an eventful ending, but overall... I really enjoyed it."
			"Hah... I really enjoyed spending time with you too." he replied, smiling widely.
			"And..." she began, unsurely, before smiling again. "What you said last night..."
			Connor kissed her - this time, a deeper kiss. They broke for air.
			"I love you." he said, looking deep in her eyes.
			Chloe wordlessly replied by pulling him in again. As they kissed, she awkwardly fumbled at the door handle, before opening it.
			The two headed inside, still kissing passionately. Eventually, they made their way to the sofa, where they fell on top of each other.
			They continued to kiss. Chloe laid on top of him, rubbing his chest with her hands.
			He replied by holding her cheeks with his hands. Eventually, they broke again for air, and he began kissing her neck.
			Chloe's face turned red from the heat. She breathed deeply, then shallowly, then deeply again.
			She clutched his head as he carried on, stroking his hair.
			Reflexively, her muscles tensed. She took a deep breath.
			Connor pulled his head back, and looked at her. Her eyes were closed, and she was still breathing heavily.
			"Are you okay?" he asked, trying his hardest to sound comforting.
			"Yeah--yeah." she replied, stuttering slightly. "I'm fine."
			She kissed him again, and he melted into it. She put her hands back on him, and felt his chest. She rubbed her fingers over his muscles, and then brought her hands up to his face.
			"I'm fine." she thought to herself. "I can trust him."
			Connor's hands moved to her sides, touching skin under her shirt.
			She felt a twist in her stomach, but forced herself to continue. His hands moved around to her back, and she gasped and pushed them down.
			"Sorry, I'm... sorry." he began, his eyes widening in worry.
			Chloe sighed, squeezed her eyes closed, and rested her forehead on his. "I'm fine, I'm fine... I want this..." she said, tears forming in her eyes.
			Connor shifted, sitting up now. "It's okay..." he whispered, hugging her. "It's alright... We don't have to do anything you don't want to do."
			Chloe cried quietly, and hugged him back. "That's just it... I *do.* I want to... I want to..."
			"But your body doesn't, does it?" he asked softly.
			"No..." she admitted, saddened.
			"It's alright." Connor smiled slightly, and put his hand on her chin, raising her head so that she looked him in the eyes.
			"It's not..." she said, tears now streaming down her cheeks, pooling in her scar. "It's not fair on you."
			"Yes, it is." Connor replied firmly, but tenderly, wiping her tears away. "Chloe, I *love* you. *All* of you. And *only* you. So, it's alright for me. All that matters... is you."
			She smiled sadly. "You matter too... I just, I feel like I'm leading you on. Giving you mixed signals. And I know how much you hate mixed signals..."
			"Hey..." he cut in. "You're not. You remember what I said on our first date, on the bench?"
			"That we'd take things at our own pace... But that means *your* pace too, Connor."
			"No, it doesn't." he said, again firm - but lovingly too. "It means... It means a pack only goes as fast as the slowest wolf. It means... I can wait. And besides, who says this *isn't* my pace? Or that I mind what pace we're going at?"
			Chloe sighed deeply, thinking. "I just... I don't want to string you along. I... I want this. But... Connor, I don't know how long it will be before I can get over... whatever *this* is." she motioned at herself. "Or hell, even if I ever *will* be ready. And... You don't deserve to have to wait. Especially not if... If I can't get over this."
			Connor looked deep into her eyes. "Chloe..." he whispered softly, "I can wait. However long it takes. And yes, that includes if you're never ready for it."
			Chloe smiled, and brushed his arm.
			"I just... I need you to know, that I *do* trust you. I know it wouldn't be like... like before." she whispered.
			Connor brushed her cheek. "Thank you. And it's okay."
			"I'd, um... I'd best let you get off. Sparky will be waiting." she said softly.
			Connor nodded. "Yeah... You're back at uni tomorrow, right?"
			"Yeah..." she replied nervously. "I'll be done by half 3. What time do you think you'll be finished with Campbell?"
			"No idea." Connor shrugged. "I'll call you when I'm done, and we'll go from there?"
			Chloe nodded, and Connor rose. He headed to the door, and she pulled him close.
			"I love you." she said, smiling warmly.
			"I love you too." he replied, resting his forehead on hers.
			Chloe beamed, and kissed him goodbye.

		Consent

	Approval
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			It was late September, 1996. Phil and Kerry Morgan were visting Drackhill Maternity Clinic. There, an old Chinese doctor called them in.
			"So, any new symptoms?" he asked.
			"No, all fine, thank you." Kerry smiled.
			"Good, good." the doctor nodded. He looked at the screen, and smiled.
			"Everything appears on track to have a healthy baby boy. Have you thought of any names yet?" he asked.
			"Well, he wants to name him after his father." Kerry grinned, motioning at Phil.
			"I still think Jamal's a good middle name." Phil smirked.
			"I'm not saying it can't be his middle name!" Kerry laughed. "Anyway, we think we like the name Trevor. Trey for short."
			"Trevor! That's a wonderful name!" the doctor smiled. They left, and he pulled out his phone.
			"This is Zhao." he began.
			"Your report?" a Scandinavian voice replied.
			"All is well for the Morgans. Progeny is progressing as planned."
			"The other families?"
			"I am unable to make any motion on Barrett, without attracting attention from the Commandant. Other women..." Zhao shuddered. "Other subjects appear to be developing Rejection Syndrome. We have covered this up, of course, telling them that no defects have been found."
			"And how about your own family?"
			"My... my daughter seems well, thank heavens."
			"Excellent news." the voice replied. "Carry on."
			Zhao sighed, and looked down at his phone. A text from his daughter, Mei.
			"Will be home late - work have called me in. Can't wait to go on maternity!"
			Zhao smiled softly, before shuddering at what he'd done.

		Kerry's ultrasound/Zhao
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Ian stared a thousand paces into the distance. Wherever his mind was, he begged it wasn't *here.*
			"We now commit Harriet's body to the ground." the priest said somberly, as a small coffin was lowered down. "Earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust, in the sure and certain hope, of the resurrection to eternal life, through our Lord Jesus Christ."
			Davina had promised she'd stay strong for this. It was her daughter's day - taken far too soon. She was going to keep it together.
			Instead, she was an inelegant, blubbering wreck. Of course she was.
			Ian was the same, but different. Everyone in the service seemed to have the same feeling. Either shellshocked numbness, or uncontrollable sorrow - neither was what they'd said they would do. And it was all they could do. The pain was just too much.

			Come the wake, Ian sat on his chair, frozen in time. His pint had been untouched - he hadn't drank since it happened.
			He wanted to feel it. Pain, Sorrow. Agony. *Hate.* Nothing would dull it.
			"Hi, Ian..." an older relative began, patting his back gently. "I'm... I'm so sorry about Harriet."
			Ian initially didn't respond. Not even a flicker. He just stared at a photograph of her, like he was trying to telepathically animate it.
			"It's okay... whatever you're feeling right now, it's okay." the older man said, softly and warm.
			Again, Ian didn't react. Then, he took a deep breath.
			"I keep thinking about the weather." he began.
			"The... weather?"
			"Today was perfect for it. Clouds, rain, freezing cold. I mean, it's nearly March now, right? Of course it's grim."
			"I... don't follow."
			"It was the wrong *fucking* day for it!" Ian snapped, slamming his fist on the bar. The room went quiet.
			"Sorry..." he whispered, tears streaming down his cheeks. The old man embraced him.
			"No, it's okay, lad. Let it all out."
			"I just... it should've been me." he finally said. "And it should've been *fuckin'* raining."

			Monday, 8th of February, 2016.
			08:57 AM, GMT.
			Snowy skies over Drackhill. Not a drop of rain.

			Drackhill Police Station was a chaotic heap these days, what with half the force being arrested or dead.
			Still, it was back to the grindstone for TO-24.
			"Thanks again, everyone, for coming in on short notice. I figured this shouldn't wait." FI Rogerson began.
			"What's up, Lucas?" Naismith asked, tilting his head slightly.
			"Well, sir... As you all may remember, Morland's scientists managed to isolate 46 human chromosomes from the Werewolf's DNA."
			Naismith took a deep breath. "Not this..." he thought.
			"Well, once we had those sent over, I put in a request for the genetics lab to check the chromosomes for any link on the police database." Rogerson continued. "They've just contacted me, informing me that, while the chromosomes themselves aren't on any national database, someone linked to them is."
			He clicked the projector, and the slide changed. Vince's mugshot appeared.
			"Vincent Barrett." he began.
			"Barrett..." Nina gasped silently.
			"Founder of the Redbridge syndicate, currently in HMP Wickermast. The match is partial but close enough to suggest a second-degree relationship - grandparents, or parent's siblings. Mitochondrial DNA is tricky, since the Werewolf's mitochondria aren't exactly what you'd call standard - but at least a few of them gave a positive match. They confirm Barrett is related to the Werewolf through a recent common female ancestor - based on the closeness of the match, we assume one's mother was the other's grandmother. Y-chromosomes are both completely distinct, and there's no runs of homozygosity - so we can firmly place the relation on the maternal side. One's an uncle, the other a nephew."
			"He was there in jail." Naismith began, shocked. "Him and his nephew saved me from some loon. Wait..."
			"We only found one living relative." Rogerson nodded grimly, clicking the projector - revealing a photo of Connor.

			The alarm beeped softly, as Connor crawled out of bed.
			"Ugh... already?" Sparky groaned.
			"It's been 6 hours." Connor shrugged, chuckling. He pulled out his phone.

			"Hey!" Chloe answered happily.
			"Heya! Just to let you know, we're heading off now." Connor smiled audibly.
			"Great. Do, um... do you think you'll be long?"
			"Hopefully, no. I'll be as quick as I can." he shrugged. "How's uni going?"
			"Not bad. Got my first class in a minute - we're back on the cybernetics module. It's a joint class we have with the Robotics course."
			"Oh god, not cyborgs." he grinned. "It's bad enough when all the supervillains are mutants and Espers."
			"Hey, who knows - we could be building another superhero."
			"So, what, automation is gonna take *my* job as well?"
			Both chuckled, as the bell rang.
			"I'll see you soon, yeah?" he nodded.
			"Yeah, of course." she smiled warmly. "I love you."
			"I love you too." he beamed, and cut off the call.

			"Connor Barrett. Vincent's nephew. This photo here is from his arrest alongside Vincent. However, Vincent claimed to have strongarmed the boy into joining him, and so no charges were brought - and, crucially, no DNA samples were taken. Despite this, Connor has made a few visits to HMP Wickermast over the last few months. And, as the boss just said, he was in Wickermast during Dorsey's little purge."
			"And the Werewolf is connected to Redbridge, isn't he?" Lloyd asked.
			"Yeah, that's correct." Rogerson nodded. "From what we can gather, Connor was raised in Londonderry by his grandparents - his mother died when he was a baby, and his father is unknown. He moved back to Devon at age 7, when the Bogside War kicked off. There, he was raised in a children's home. At age 8, he discovered that one of his carers was molesting his sister, and killed him. He and his foster-sister were then re-homed by Vincent, who raised them both from then on."
			"So, what - we think Vincent is in on the conspiracy?" Moffat tilted her head.
			"No way. The Werewolf's out to destroy Paladin. Why would his uncle be with them?" Naismith shook his head.
			"Sir, I..." Nina spoke up. "I know him."
			"You do?"
			"Yes. He, um... He's my little sister's ex."
			"The one who was beating her?!" Naismith gasped.
			"No, no - he was her partner before him. He, um... he helped her when she left him." Nina explained, trembling. "What's more... you remember Chloe Derrington?"
			"Of course, she's the only one at Morland who spoke to us." he nodded. "Hang on..."
			"Yeah, he's her boyfriend." Nina nodded.
			"Does she know?" Moffat asked.
			"No idea." Nina shrugged.
			"If she doesn't, we kind of have a moral duty to tell her." Moffat said, her brow furrowing.
			"She should know. After that freak nearly killed him, she was there patching him up for three days." Naismith added. "It doesn't take a genius to put two-and-two together, and she *is* a genius."
			He paused, stroking his chin. He felt a migraine coming on - for once, not from the super-serum, but from genuine stress.
			"Who else knows about this, Lucas?" he asked.
			"No-one, sir. I specifically made sure that the genetics team wouldn't see the names of anyone involved - only the DNA itself." Rogerson replied.
			"Good. Okay... what we just heard does *not* leave this room." Naismith said firmly. "Like it or not, we're on his side now. We still call him 'the Werewolf', we still do as we did before. Under no circumstances do we change any of our behaviours. Got it?"
			"Sir!" everyone replied, nodding.

		TO-24 Find Connor
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Monday, 8th of February, 2016.
			09:49 AM, GMT.

			Typically for a Monday morning in the Singing Horse, Tommy toiled away in the backrooms, going over paperwork.
			He rubbed his eyes, exhausted.
			"Fuck me..." he muttered, then turned to Pawel. "I miss the days when being a crime boss meant beating people up."
			Pawel chuckled. "Shouldn't've hired *me,* then."
			At that, the door opened.
			"Can we help you?" Pawel asked, standing subtly in front of Tommy.
			A man in a cheap suit entered, along with his own henchman.
			"Gary Ritter." Tommy sighed. "My condolences for what happened to your brother."
			"Save it." Gary snapped. "I know your freak killed him."
			"He was killed by *a* freak. Not ours." Tommy shook his head, rising.
			"Oh, right." Gary sighed. Then, swift as lightning, he drew his pistol, aiming it at Tommy's head.
			"Move out the way, big guy." he barked to Pawel. "Or I put a bullet in his head."
			Pawel put his hands up, as did Tommy. He shuffled out of the way, his eyes darting from man to man. Gary's henchman drew his pistol, aiming it at Pawel's temple.
			Tommy stepped forward, slowly. "I promise you, Gary, this wasn't us."
			"Mr. Ritter, to you." Gary snapped.
			Tommy couldn't help but crack a smirk. "See, this is why the Patriots are going downhill. Vitale knew when to fuckin' fold 'em. No one fucks with the Syndicate without getting fucked right back."
			"You wanna die?!" Gary roared, pushing the gun closer - about an inch away from Tommy's face.
			Tommy looked over at Pawel, who winked.
			Immediately, both men sprang into action. Tommy grabbed Gary's gun and landed an elbow into the hothead's jaw, before pistol-whipping him. Pawel pushed the henchman's gun downwards, and the henchman pulled the trigger a second too late - kneecapping himself.
			Tommy aimed his new pistol at Gary.
			"Now, I was willing to play nice. But you chose this, instead. Now, I ain't gonna kill you. But you come here again, and I might just set my 'freak' on ya. So get the *FUCK* out of my club!"
			Gary nodded, enraged, and dragged his henchman out with him.
			Pawel took a deep breath.
			"Nice one, boss."
			Tommy grinned savagely. "I feel a lot better, now."
			He sat down, and continued his paperwork.

			Connor and Sparky stood outside a run-down pub - the Hog and Hounds. One of the last Patriot strongholds, and where Campbell had moved in.
			He took a deep breath through his nose, and his eyes flashed red. He saw Campbell's heartbeat. There was something else, too - a cluster of hearts - two, by the looks of it.
			"Looks like they might have a Giant." Connor sighed.
			"They're not so tough, these days." Sparky grinned. "And besides, this time, we've got each other."
			"Good point." Connor smiled. He walked into the pub, and approached the bar.
			"Oi! No dogs!" the barman snapped. "Can't you fuckin' read?"
			"Wait outside." Connor nodded. "I won't be long."
			Sparky barked in acknowledgement, and headed out to the front.
			"Sorry for snapping, just... my boss is very clear on how things get run here." the barman nodded.
			"No worries." Connor smiled. He looked over, and spotted the only other patrons - a group of tough-looking men.
			He grinned, and sipped his drink. Then, he started to hum, and tap a rythmn on the bar.
			"I was born in a Dublin street, where the Loyal drums did beat..." he began softly.
			"Oi! You'd better not be singin' what I *think* you're singin'!" the biggest man barked. He had a thick Glasgwegian accent - clearly one of Campbell's boys.
			Connor chuckled, and stood.
			"The 'loving' English feet, they walked all over us..." he continued.
			The big man drew a switchblade. "Bite your tounge, lad. Or I'll cut it out."
			Connor delivered a high-speed haymaker to the big man's jaw, breaking it effortlessly.
			"And every single night, when me Da would come home tired, he'd invite the neighbours out, with this chorus!"
			"GET HIM!"
			Connor savagely grinned.

			"Come out, ye Black and Tans!" *THWACK!*
			"Come out, and fight me, like a man!" *THUMP!*
			"Show your wife how you won medals down in Flanders!" *SNAP!*
			"Tell 'er how the IRA, made ye run like hell away!" *THUD!*
			"From the green and lovely lanes of Killeshandra!" *CRACK!*

			Connor stood over the broken, bleeding men. Sparky came trotting in.
			"You always get to have all the fun..." he quipped.
			Connor chuckled, as a backroom door opened. A gunman came out, and put his pistol right up to Connor's head.
			"Oh, is this the part where your boss tortures me, then shoots me?" he laughed. "Come on, then. I wanna see him."

			Down in the basement of the pub, Campbell poured himself a glass of Scotch. "Come in, come in." he beckoned.
			Connor entered, with Sparky at his heel. The henchman still had his gun trained on Connor's head.
			"So... who might I ask is causing such a ruckus upstairs?" Campbell asked, taking a sip.
			Connor turned, effortlessly disarmed the henchman, and pistol-whipped him. Then, he trained the gun on Campbell.
			"I ask a second time, who the fuck are you?" Campbell snapped, rising.
			"You killed my granny." Connor replied, his voice trembling and his hearts pounding.
			I've killed plenty of grannies, lad."
			"You killed one called Barrett."
			"You know how many Fenians have that surname? You're really not being very specific." Campbell grinned.
			Connor snarled, then smiled fiendishly. "Brilliant. Oh, BRILLIANT!" he roared. "You know what that means? I've gotta take my time! I've gotta explain to you what you did - so that means you're gonna die slowly!"
			Campbell put his hands up. "Okay, okay, listen... I know who you are."
			"Yeah, who then?"
			"I saw you. After the car went up in flames. I was on the mission to kill Eamon. I saw that little boy, running to save his granny. Oh, it'd break my heart... If I gave a fuck."
			Connor physically growled with rage, as did Sparky.
			"Yeah, I saw you. The wee man, running out, and I laughed. And laughed, and laughed!" he giggled.
			Connor grabbed his throat, and raised him up.
			"But you know what was funnier?" he sputtered. "Knowing who you really are. Knowing where you came from! Oh, to be your father!"
			"What do you know about my father?!" Connor snapped.
			"Connor..." Sparky said, wary. "Footsteps. They're bigger than the Giants."
			"That he could make gods!" Campbell roared. "And I could only make *monsters!*"
			"What the hell are you talking about?!" Connor screamed.
			"Connor!" Sparky barked, looking at the door and assuming a fighting stance.
			"You'll see now!" Campbell jeered.
			"CONNOR!"
			"Oh, JUNIOR!" screamed Campbell. "*DINNER TIME!*"
			Connor turned his head.

			English is a funny language. Lots of specific words - defenestrate, bamboozled, saturnine - but there weren't really any words to describe *this.*
			A bipedal, giant dog fetus? A skinless 8-foot gorilla with the mouth of a crocodile? Neither quite covered it, but that was as close as you could really get.
			In shock, Connor released his grip on Campbell's throat.
			He and Sparky took their stances, and morphed up their armour.
			"Junior" stretched upwards, its hulking mass snapping the doorframe around it.
			"_+*GGGRAAAGGHH!!*+_"

		Tans/Gary arrives
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Monday, 8th of February, 2016.
			10:01 AM, GMT.

			Back in Calermouth, Chloe was sat in her lecture, zoning out slightly.
			"...and so through those methods, we can accurately model a timeline for rejection of mechanical devices." the lecturer finished.
			"Of course, there are several means to prevent such a severe autoimmune response." Professor Lowenthal nodded. "Those taking the Biotechnology course will learn more about that."
			"And as my students will no doubt know, there's another joint module in your second year that deals with just that." the other man smiled. "Right, class dismissed. Tomorrow, we'll look at the basics of brain-computer interfaces. Good stuff."
			The class filtered out from the halls, and Chloe made her way down the steps.
			"Oh, Chloe?" Lowenthal asked. "Do you have a minute?"
			She smiled, nodded, and sat down by his desk.
			"Sorry about the seating arrangements - did you hear everything okay?"
			"Yes, no problems." she nodded.
			"Good. And... How have you been since the attack?"
			She hesitated. "I've been alright, professor."
			"I just feel so awful..." he began. "After all, I was the one who pushed you to take the internship."
			"Don't." she smiled. "I learned so much from my time there. Yes, it was scary, but... I'm okay."
			"Thank goodness... Anyway, just so you know, I've made sure with the dean that the internship still counts in your coursework. Your grades won't be affected, not a bit."
			"Thank you, professor." she smiled, rising. "Have a good afternoon!"
			"You too." he smiled warmly, as she left.

			Chloe sat in the university canteen, absentmindedly twirling her fork in her food.
			Bea arrived, and sat next to her. "Hey, girl!" she began, shaking Chloe out of her thoughts.
			"Oh, hey Bea!" said Chloe, smiling now.
			"How was it at your parents' place?" Bea asked, getting ready to embrace.
			"Oh it... ugh..." she replied, letting out a mix between a chuckle and a sigh.
			Bea frowned. "What happened?"
			"Well, it started off with the standard interrogations - have you ever had a relationship, what's your family like, et cetera - and then, they asked about any criminal records."
			"Ah." Bea nodded. "At least they didn't ask 'have you ever killed anyone.'"
			Chloe chuckled mirthlessly. "Anyway, after that, we... We got back to my place, and we started kissing, and it was going great... and then suddenly, I didn't feel comfortable anymore."
			"Did he stop?" asked Bea, seriousness appearing in her voice.
			"Yes, right away. I tried to convince him... and convince myself I suppose, that I was fine. But he could tell something was up."
			Bea relaxed slightly. "What happened then?"
			"He reassured me that it was fine, that he could wait, and then he went to get some rest before today."
			"Oh, he's in Belson now?"
			"Yeah. He's going through a lot with that Campbell guy, and then with me, and my family... I--I feel like a bitch." she sighed.
			"No, you're not." Bea said, firmly and caringly. "You're allowed to not want things."
			"That's the problem..." Chloe sighed. "I *do* want it."
			Bea smiled softly.
			"It's another thing Francis has ruined for me." Chloe lamented.
			Bea pulled her in for a hug, and held her there for a while. When she released, she looked into Chloe's eyes.
			"I get it. I really do... I mean, after what happened with Charlie..." she whispered.
			Chloe smiled sadly. She was startled by a figure appearing from behind.
			"Boo!" Amy grinned cheekily.
			"Oh, hey! What're you doing here?" Bea smiled.
			"They're doing prospective tours." Amy grinned. "Just came out from shadowing a vet's lecture."
			"Aw, nice!" Chloe nodded. "So, you're actually gonna apply?"
			"I think so." Amy smiled. "Plus, I can annoy you guys some more."

			Over in Redbridge, Trey and Shannon had gathered the repair shop, at Trey's behest.
			"So, why are we here, exactly?" Shannon tilted her head.
			"We're raiding his underwear draw. I wanna see if he has super-pants." Trey quipped. "Nah, he mentioned his metabolism the other day, so I reckon, he'd enjoy it if we made him a really nice cake."
			"That's... actually quite sweet." Shannon smiled warmly. "Well, I've never baked a cake before. Have you?"
			Silence.
			"It's called a learning experience." Trey laughed, frantically searching the internet for recipes.
			Outside, a van pulled up. Within, sat Gary, and two armed henchmen.
			"We couldn't get Vince in prison. And Tommy's definitely beefing up his security." Gary mused. "So let's get their little errand boy in here. His name's Connor, and he works in this garage. Shoot him."
			"What's he look like?" the first gunman asked, peering in through the window. "I see a boy and a girl in there."
			"Okay, well, shoot the boy." Gary shrugged. "Let's go."

			The air stood still in the office. Campbell caught his breath, and the two Werewolves stared down Junior.
			Connor used his super-senses to scan the beast. Whatever Junior was, its very breath made the ground shudder.
			"Sparky..." Connor growled. "Make sure Campbell doesn't try anything funny. He's mine."
			"You're not fighting that thing on your own." Sparky growled back.
			With that, Junior gripped Connor's torso in one clawed hand, and slammed him upwards, through the ceiling and back into the pub. Connor landed on the ground, dazed badly.
			"JESUS CHRIST!" the barman screamed, running out. Connor forced himself to his feet, stumbling. Junior leapt out of the Connor-shaped hole in the floor, ripping it wider and collapsing debris onto Sparky and Cambpell.
			Connor re-assumed his fighting stance, as Junior's roars ripped through the air.
			He charged, deliving a flurry of heavy jabs to Junior's torso. Junior seemed unfazed, and then backhanded Connor with enough force to launch him through the wall and into the street outside.
			Connor panted and choked.
			The Giants were virtually automata, predicatable and killable.
			The Judge was a killing machine, but he had weaknesses to exploit.
			What the fuck was this thing?!
			He looked down, and saw blood. Not his. He stood, and realised he'd been launched straight into the barman, crushing him to death.
			he winced, and morphed out his blades, just as Junior came rushing out on all fours.
			He braced for impact.

			The girls sighed as the class bell rang.
			"Ugh, can't wait to be done with this module." Bea grinned.
			"You and me, both." Chloe chuckled.
			"You guys really aren't selling the concept of higher education, here." Amy quipped. "Does the bell normally ring this long?"
			"Fire, perhaps?" Bea tilted her head.
			"No, it's an announcement." Chloe stroked her chin. The ringing stopped, and the announcer began.
			"Attention, everybody. There is an ongoing incident taking place. Do not leave the premises until this alert is over." the voice said, before repeating itself.
			"'Incident?'" Bea cocked an eyebrow.
			"Oh my god! Quick, turn on the TV!" one student shouted, looking up from their phone. Another did so.
			"...until this is over, we urge everyone to stay indoors, and to stay away from Belson." the newscaster said. Behind him was live footage - of Junior fighting Connor.
			The girls went deathly pale.

			Junior delivered a devastating uppercut to the chin, after breaking Connor's guard. He launched up into the air, only for Junior to grab his feet, and slam him back town into a car.
			Sparky pounced out from the rubble, his eyes aflame with Rage. He cut into Junior's back, drawing blood.
			Not enough to hurt it. Only enough to piss it off.
			Junior swung around, then began beating Sparky like a chimp, flailing its arms down wildly.
			Connor rose up with something approaching consciousness, drenched in his own blood.
			His vision was blurry, but he could see what that monster was doing to his packmate.
			He ripped upwards, and slammed his body into Junior's side, knocking it back a little. Sparky forced himself to rise.
			"You okay?"
			"I'm fine..." Sparky nodded. "What is this thing?"
			"Something that can bleed." Connor snarled firmly. "Let's do what we do best. Let's kill this fucking monster."
			The two charged just as Junior did, and they met with an impact that caused nearby windows to shatter.
			Junior growled viciously, and ran out towards the square. As it did, Campbell made it out from the rubble, wounded.
			Connor turned to face Campbell.
			"Connor, that thing's on a rampage! We have to stop it!" Sparky roared.
			Connor hesitated. "FUCK!" he screamed, and ran after Junior alongside him.
			Campbell merely chuckled, and hid away in a dumpster.

			"Oh my god..." Chloe began, the world going still from her panic.
			"Chloe..." Bea began, dragging her away to somewhere private. "It's alright, he'll be okay."
			"You saw that thing... it was huge!"
			"Yeah, but he's taken on things like that before. The Judge, that giant you told me about..."
			"We've gotta help him." Amy said firmly. "Now."

		Battle of Belson, Part 0
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Monday, 8th of February, 2016.
			10:14 AM, GMT.

			"You okay, darling?" Ian asked, smiling.
			"Yes, daddy." Harriet replied, beaming. "Are you sure we won't get in trouble?"
			"No, don't worry, sweetheart. Daddy's told the school you're very poorly, remember? So we get a nice snowy day, just you and me, before we drop you back at mummy's."
			Harriet wrapped her arms around him. "I love you, daddy."
			"I love you too---" he said, when a horrifying scream pierced his ears.
			"OH MY GOD! WHAT IS THAT THING?!" a man shrieked. Immediately, a squelching noise ripped through the air, and his top half sailed out from the street corner.
			His monstrous attacker tore into the street, and beat its chest savagely, like a gorilla squaring up.

			Trey was goofing around in the kitchen, now. Shannon chuckled, as he made a number of innuendos regarding the noises of the dough - which had way, *way* too much oil.
			*KKRACK!* the door went, caving in. Trey rushed ahead, and...
			*RATATATATAT!*
			Bullets poured into him, and his lungs filled with blood. His lifeless body collapsed to the ground.
			"TREY! NOOOO!" Shannon screamed in agony, rushing to his body, uncaring of the gunmen.
			"Shit..." the first henchman groaned, hearing the name. "Wrong man, boss."
			"Fuck..." Gary muttered, before grabbing Shannon by the throat.
			"You! Where's Connor?!"
			"FUCK YOU!" she screamed, before taking a pistol-whip to the face. They dragged her, dazed and bruised, to a corner, while another mook zip-tied her wrists.
			As they did this, Trey's fingers twitched ever-so-slightly.

			Junior roared in bestial fury. It brought its meaty fists down on a screaming woman, flattening her like a pancake.
			A hail of crossbow bolts dug into its hide, as Connor fired wildly. Sparky screamed and charged in, slashing and biting like a rabid hound.
			Junior responded by beating Sparky with so much force, it knocked back a nearby man, sending him to the ground. It went to strike, but a kick exploded from Connor's body like a gunshot, knocking the monster back.
			"GO! EVERYONE, GO!" Connor roared frantically, looking on at the scattering civilians. He turned back to the fight, only to see an incoming object heading straight for him.
			A car. Junior had lobbed a *fucking* car at him.
			It slammed into him, launching him backwards. The car crashed into a building's wall, cracking the concrete behind Connor's back.
			"GRAAAAGH!" Sparky howled, his eyes more like red flares now. He dug his claws into Junior's head, and bit down on the monster's neck. His fangs cut into the throat, and hot, fresh, almost tasty blood flowed into Sparky's mouth.
			Junior barely even registered the strike. Instead, it slammed itself against the ground, got up, and slammed again. Sparky felt the wind knock out of his lungs, and his hearts groaned in pain. The man who had been knocked down was now nothing more than a silhouette of red paste.
			Connor came to a second later. The car engine had caught fire now, and he used all his strength to push it off of him. He looked forwards, and saw the people inside - an old man, who was definitely dead, and an old woman, who was clinging to life.
			The flames, the people - it all came rushing back. He pounced forward, and ripped the woman's door off of its hinges. He sliced the seatbelt apart, hoisted her above his shoulder, and rushed her away, before setting her down.
			"Billy... I need... Billy..." she breathed out, weakly.
			At that, Junior came galloping over. Connor rushed to meet it, but instead, Junior leapt in the air, landing behind him. It delivered a stomp onto the old lady's head, crushing it like a grape.
			It was intentional. It was trying to kill people.
			"NO!" Connor roared, his eyes flashing bright red. He burst from his place like a bullet, and slammed into Junior's chest, smacking both into the wall of the building. The wall shook from the impact, and the cracks in it got wider.

			Ian ran as fast as he could, holding his daugher's hand.
			"Come on, Harriet!" he frantically barked. She ran as fast as her little legs would take her.
			Junior spotted them both. Fleeing prey. Its instincts kicked in, and it chased after them.
			"GET BACK HERE!" Connor screamed, delivering a kick to the monster's lower back. A swinging backhand sent him soaring backwards through the air, and Junior swept its claw back down at the running pair.
			Ian kept running, holding his daughter's hand. She felt lighter, somehow.
			He turned to look.

			No.
			No, she...
			She can't be dead.
			He still had her hand. Her vacant expression met his eyes.
			Everything below the ribcage was missing. A surprisingly clean cut.
			Ian howled in the purest of agonies.

			"Guys, what exactly is your plan here?" Bea pressed, as Chloe speedwalked outside.
			"There's serum at Connor's place. I'll take some, then I'll be strong enough to help." she nodded.
			"What?! Okay, even *if* this serum thingy works, you can't beat that thing!" Amy shook her head.
			"I'll distract that monster long enough for--"
			"NO!" Bea barked. "You're not killing yourself."
			"That's not what this is. And it's not just for Connor, or even Sparky. There's hundreds of thousands of people in this city! All of them could die, if I don't do *something!*" Chloe turned back.
			"No. That's not what you're gonna do."
			Chloe sighed, and ran her hands through her hair. "Okay, there's... there's lab equipment at Riverside. I got Ivan to requisition some for me, in case Connor ever got hurt badly again. I can cook up some things... Paradrenaline, endorphins, xeno-grehlin... he'll need those to recover. So will Sparky."
			"My suit's there too. I can use my Pulsar to help Connor fight it." Amy nodded. "I don't have my earpiece today, so I can't call Shannon - we'll just have to go."
			"Okay. Let's just get back to Connor's, and do that." Bea nodded. She gently wrapped her friends in a hug.
			"He's gonna be okay."
			"How do we get there?" Chloe pondered. "The only way to get to Redbridge is *through* Belson."
			"The flyover!" Amy gasped. "It's not reopened, but it's rebuilt enough for us to cross it. Let's grab some E-bikes."
			The girls nodded, and rushed to the bike stand.
			"Fuck." Amy sighed. "Only two."
			She looked over frantically, and spotted a young man on a bike - with takeaway food on the back. She walked over.
			"Hey! Look over there!" she gasped.
			"Huh? Where?!" he turned.
			"Sorry!" she winced as she shoved him, and hopped on.
			"Hey! Give it back!" he barked, as the three girls pedalled away as fast as they could.

		Battle of Belson, Part 1
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Monday, 8th of February, 2016.
			10:47 AM, GMT.
			"LET ME OUT OF HERE!" Vince roared, screaming like a Viking berserker, tearing out of the hospital bed.
			"CALM DOWN!" the prison guards begged, as a fist slammed into one and knocked him clean out.
			Behind them, the TV showed the carnage in Belson.
			"FUCK OFF! LET ME OUT!" Vince howled again.
			A panicked orderly rushed over with a syringe, and delivered it into Vince's leg. After another minute of struggling, he passed out.

			"DIE YOU PIECE OF SHIT!" Connor screamed, deliving a brutal haymaker to Junior's jaw.
			It staggered the monster slightly, but not enough to stop the rampage. It wrapped its meaty paw around Connor's neck, and squeezed.
			Connor morphed a knife, and desperately stabbed at the arm. Each new stabhole closed up quickly, as Junior's flesh knitted back together in a way that put Connor's healing factor to shame.
			Sparky tore at the monster's back, and it didn't even react. Killing Connor was more important.
			Connor morphed a wrist-mounted crossbow, and fired a bolt at Junior's face. It caught the bolt in its free hand.
			Sparky saw an opening. He gripped the beast's wrist in his jaw, and locked down. "NOW!" he screamed.
			Connor fired a second bolt. It dug into Junior's neck, leading to a freakish roar as both Werewolves were slammed into the wall once more.
			Normally, at this point in a fight, either Connor or Sparky would've checked if the other was okay. Hell, they'd've quipped.
			Instead, both barked in rage, and charged forward. Junior was knocked to the ground, and both began delivering beat after beat onto it while it lay prone. They pressed their advantage as far as they could.
			A thud, as something - someone - landed from the sky.
			"Team, this is Whiplash, I'm on site." she reported, firing a volley of arrows. They cut into Junior's hide, and he turned, snarling.
			"Whiplash!" Connor roared. "Careful!"
			She leaped into the air, narrowly dodging the monster's strike.

			"Hey, stop right there!" a construction worker barked. "This place is closed off!"
			"Listen to me!" Amy roared. "Check the news."
			"I--I don't need to." the worker shuddered. "I can see pretty clearly from here."
			"There is something in Redbridge - something that'll help the Werewolf. Let us through." Chloe pleaded.
			"I... I'm not allowed..."
			"If you let us through, and we're actually just lying, then worst case scenario some troublesome teens broke a few laws." Bea cut in. "If we're telling the truth - the blood of innocent people is on your hands. Choose, now."
			He looked away, and sighed, before opening the gates. They pedalled through, and saw from the bridge the carnage across the river.
			"Fuck..." Amy gasped.
			"Come on - no time like the present." Bea nodded. Amy swallowed, and they moved.

			"Boss, we should just go." one of the goons said.
			"No way. No-one leaves until this bitch tells me where Connor is." Gary snapped.
			"You might as well shoot me, I'm not saying *shit!*" Shannon barked bravely.
			"You know, I'm wondering what the fuck you are." Gary grinned sadistically. "Are you meant to be a girly man, or a manly girl?"
			"Fuck you." she spat.
			"Maybe we should take a look? See, Andy over here..." he motioned to his other goon, "He served time, and he's not picky about--"
			Gary stopped, as the hairs on the back of his neck stood up. He felt something move, near the doorway.
			Trey rose up to his feet. His eyes were a glowing blood-red, and his skin began ejecting a black tarry substance, that morphed into claws and chitin under his clothes.
			He growled, like a savage wolf.

			Ivan looked down at his burner phone, while sitting in a moving metal box, wearing an oxygen mask.
			"Kestrel, this is Troubleshooter. ETA?" he asked.
			"Drop in 2 mikes." a noise came in from an intercom. The pilot.
			"Received." Ivan nodded, tapping his earpiece. He readied Isabella, loading her magazines, adjusting her scope, and strapping shotgun cartridges for her underslung to his bandolier. He was kitted out for war.

			Junior's claws swiped right down. Connor would've dodged, but he was exhausted. He'd never kept his armour up for so long - it was taking its toll. Olivia sent a blast of air to help him dart away, and Junior's claws just barely missed.
			The beast turned, growling. It knew an Esper's tricks when it saw them.
			Olivia ducked, dodging the first swipe. She jumped, missing the second.
			Then, Junior grabbed a hold of her, and launched her down at the ground.
			It grabbed some rubble, and slammed it towards her. Her powers sent it veering, and it smashed into the ground next to her.
			A feint. Junior came down in a bellyflop, and she felt her bones fracture.
			"GET OFF OF HER!" Connor roared, slamming into Junior's side. The monster fell away, but Olivia sputtered, spitting blood.
			"Fall back. That's an order." Connor barked.
			"N-no... I-I can..."
			Junior interrupted with a swipe.
			The claws ripped through, leaving four bright red lines across Connor's chest. He launched a punch into Junior's gut, winding the creature slightly. Sparky ripped a chunk out of Junior's shoulder with a savage bite.
			Junior screamed, the noise making the ground shake. It picked up Sparky, unbothered by Connor's flurry of jabs - each one tough enough to crack concrete - and launched the wolf into the air. Then, it ripped out a street light, and, swinging the rebar like a club, whacked Connor across the side of the head. Sparky landed across the street, dazed.
			Connor stumbled, then fell to his knees. He tried to block, but Junior brought the rebar down onto the back of his head. His body sprawled out as it hit into the ground, with a noticable pothole forming as his face smacked down. He forced himself to rise, to fight, to not die, and a second swing around the side of the head sent him flying back into the cracked, crumbling building.

			The funny thing about super senses is, they tell you things that you might not think are important.
			For example, Connor didn't even think twice about the wall being load-bearing. Especially not when, as he hit the wall, the force of repeated impacts and the cracks in his skull meant his right eye had been dislodged. His armour had morphed down, now - worn out by the battle. His mask was fully torn off.
			The eyeball made a sickening *plop* noise as it fell out of its socket and landed on the ground below. Connor smacked the socket with his right hand, and screamed in pure physical pain. Then, he was shaken from this by a creaking, groaning noise.
			He looked up, and managed to get out the words, "Oh, fuck."
			Olivia desperately tried to stop it, but she was too bruised - too broken.
			A falling piece of the building landed, crushing him. His body barely held on to life, as his conscious mind faded.

		Battle of Belson, Part 2
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Monday, 8th of February, 2016.
			10:52 AM, GMT.

			William was sat in his home office, typing away at his laptop. His thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the door.
			He answered, and saw Charlie stood there - bruised and beaten. The worst of the bruises weren't there when Connor left him.
			"Oh my goodness, are you alright? Can I help you?" he asked.
			"Sorry, Mr. Derrington..." Charlie began, shivering. "I... I'm worried about Chloe."
			"What? Why?"
			"Her boyfriend Connor?" he began, stifling a devilish grin. "He did this to me."
			"What?!" William gasped.
			"I'm sorry, I shouldn't've said anything... I have to go." Charlie shook his head, before walking away.
			William just stood there, his fists clenching.
			Once Charlie was out of sight, he peeled off the stick-on scuff makeup, and suppressed a laugh.

			"DIE!" Sparky roared ferociously, sinking his claws into Junior's face. "DIE! DIE! *DIE!*"
			Junior howled, and beat its fists into Sparky's side.
			The young wolf didn't care. No pain or injury would slow him down. He embraced his Rage.
			By this point, the police had finally arrived. TO-24 came armed to the teeth, and began unloading their rifles into Junior. The bullets didn't even break past the first layer of flesh.
			Sparky clamped his jaws around Junior's arm, tore out a chunk, and repeated. Black blood and bile dripped from the brawl.
			A plane ripped through the skies above, and an object seemed to fall from it. Sparky was distracted for a milisecond at most, but that was all Junior needed. It grabbed him by the neck, and raised him up, before sinking a claw into Sparky's abdomen.
			"NO! KILL YOU! *KILL YOU!*" Sparky screamed in protest.
			Then, a small metal object ripped into Junior's arm, and exploded. It ripped a good chunk out, and Junior released Sparky, clutching its arm in pain.
			Sparky smacked down into the ground, his chest heaving.

			In the skies above, a parachute was falling down to ground.
			Ivan pushed the bolt forward, and pulled it back again, reloading Isabella. The casing went upwards, as he continued his descent. He was easily more than 200m in the sky, moving at 12mph, against a highly volatile target holding an ally.
			Luckily, Ivan was just that damn good. He grinned, and fired another shot.

			*KK-BOOM!*
			A second explosive round went off, this time in Junior's back. It screamed wildly, and launched a downward strike at Sparky, who rolled out of the way just in time. Sparky leapt up, biting down on Junior's chin, his claws swiping wildly at the monster's chest. Chunks of flesh fell to the ground, before Junior jumped in the air and belly-flopped, crushing Sparky's ribs.
			Junior rose, and beat the ground again, making noticable cracking noises in both Sparky and the tarmac beneath him.
			"Detective! Fall back!" Ivan roared. Naismith barely dodged as Junior swept down.
			"Like hell!" he barked over the radio.
			"Get the civilians out of here! Don't waste yourselves on this!"
			Naismith hesitated. "All units, focus on evac! Leave this to the professionals."
			Ivan landed almost gracefully atop a nearby building, and fired from his more secure position. He switched Isabella to semi-automatic mode, allowing a volley of rounds to slam into Junior's hide and explode.
			Junior howled in primal fury. It ripped a piece of concrete straight from the pile that had crushed Connor, and sent it flying towards Ivan.
			"CHYORT!" he cursed as he dived out of the way, narrowly dodging it.
			Sparky forced himself to his feet.
			He wasn't going to die. Not now.
			Not until this *fucking* thing was dead.

			Sparky bolted forward, invigorated by his own murderous rage. He slammed his body into Junior's, knocking the fiend back a pace or two. Another furious flurry of swipes and bites made yet another pool of blood in an already blood-soaked square.
			Underneath the rubble, a barely-alive Connor tried to desperately dig himself out. He could've stayed crushed. No-one would've blamed him for playing dead, entering a healing coma, and living to fight another day.
			But Connor had a bad habit of not dying when he was supposed to, after all.
			He finally made enough headway to allow his remaining eye to scan the scene. Where once a fairly bustling market square had stood, now the place looked more like a warzone. In a way, it was.
			Civilians - innocent people - tried desperately to drag their injured fellows away from the scene. Many seemed to be unrelated bystanders, just helping one another. Others merely knelt down, shellshocked after seeing their loved ones torn apart like this.
			Junior was a fair space away, now - on the other side of the square. Connor pushed as hard as he could, feeling his muscles tear and shake. He just had to get this one last slab off. One more push.
			Sparky, exhausted and nearly broken himself, went for a final pounce.
			This was it. Make or break.
			Junior grabbed him in mid air. It took Sparky's front in one claw, and his back in the other.
			Break.
			Junior began to *pull.*
			"NO!" Connor screamed, trying his hardest to break free. But all the determination in the world can't break thermodynamics - Connor couldn't heal if there wasn't any flesh to grow back from.
			Ivan, dazed and bruised, made it to his feet just in time to witness the horror.
			First, Sparky's body made an awful ripping noise. His paradrenaline rinsing his endocrine system, time slowed to an agonising crawl. Every moment of this torment felt like hours.
			Then, a sickining *pop* sound came through, as his vertebrae detatched. His musles, pulled and torn, separated. His hide, stretched to breaking point and already pierced, gave out.
			Finally, a sound that would stay with anyone who survived this day for the rest of their lives. It sounded something like velcro being ripped off, or paper being torn.
			Sparky's front half came away from his back half, and Junior tossed the front at Connor's rubble.
			"Shtob vi *SDOKHNI!*" Ivan roared, ripping his underslung shotgun from his rifle, and jumping down from his rooftop perch. Junior caught him in mid-air, and he unloaded both barrels right into the monster's face.
			*BOOM!*
			Junior screamed in agony, then slammed Ivan down into the ground. Bones audibly turned to jigsaw pieces, as his body ragdolled away.
			Connor tore himself from the rubble pile at last, now drenched in his own blood. Sparky let out a noise that seemed a mix of whimper and death rattle.
			Connor pressed his head to Sparky's, desperate to mind-merge again.
			"Come on, buddy. You can make it." he thought.
			A flicker, maybe. A dying ember of consciousness.
			Sparky's body went still.

			Connor rose to his feet, and looked up at Junior, who rubbed its face from the shotgun blast.
			Tears streamed down Connor's eye, while blood dripped down from his other eyesocket. His remaining eye turned into an orb of red light, as what remained of his face contorted into a scowl.
			"I don't know who you are. I don't know what you are." he began, in tranquil fury. He was well, well beyond the Rage. No, the screaming berserker wouldn't cut it here.
			Junior looked at him, meeting his gaze. The two animals stared each other down.
			"All I know is, someone did something horrible to you. And that made all of this happen. So I promise you, I'm gonna find the people who did all of this to us... and I'm gonna make 'em pay." Connor vowed, his voice trembling with raw power.
			Junior snarled visciously, apparently unaffected.
			He pointed down at Sparky's lifeless body.
			"But first... I'm gonna kill you for that."
			The two charged forward as fast as they could. They both delivered a punch that could move mountains, and their fists met.
			Both forearms shattered. Connor's bone was shunted backwards, poking out of his elbow.
			He didn't care. He spun around rapidly, sinking the spike of bone into Junior's chest. He raked it outwards, taking another scoop of meat with it. Then, his unbroken arm delivered an uppercut to Junior's chin.
			Junior replied by picking up Connor, and slamming him into the ground. It went for a bellyflop, but Connor morphed a blade from his broken arm, and spiked it upwards. Junior howled as the blade tore into its guts.
			Both monsters rose. Connor swung his blade-arm, slicing Junior's arm. Pressing the attack, he went for a stab - but Junior wasn't done yet. Not nearly. It grabbed Connor, and squeezed in a bear hug. Then, it launched him back at the building Ivan had landed on. Connor smacked into the wall, using his wall-crawling power to stick to it.
			His mind moved a mile a microsecond. He morphed a crossbow in his good arm, aimed, and fired.
			Junior grabbed the bolt before it could hit, only to look down.
			Not a bolt. A grappling hook.
			Connor launched himself towards his enemy, moving through the air like a bullet. Junior threw up a guard, and Connor crashed into it, glancing to the side and landing a couple of feet away.
			He turned around, and saw Junior's right arm detatch, then fall to the ground.
			Junior clutched the stump in agony. Connor twirled his blade-arm, and ran forward, before impaling its primary heart.
			Junior swiped out, and cut Connor's neck. Blood poured out.
			Connor stemmed the blood flow with his free hand, and used his blade-arm to slice, and slice, and slice - taking off Junior's left arm.
			Junior stumbled backwards, now trying to escape. It finally looked like it was feeling something other than hate or rage.
			Fear.
			Connor stepped forward like a man posessed. He wasn't a murderous man, not by nature - but even with the Judge, he always took some pleasure in the thrill of the fight.
			Not anymore. This wasn't a fight. It was war.
			He walked on, as Junior fell backwards. It kicked back, raking Connor's face. He wasn't bothered. He simply raised his blade, and drove it through the second heart.
			Junior screamed out, and howled. Then, its blood red eyes seemed to fade away, leaving eerily humanlike blue eyes in their place.
			Connor stepped forward. He let go of his neck wound, which had now started to close.
			He went to deliver the coup-de-grace, and then...
			"Help me..."
			A child's voice.
			He looked around frantically.
			"Stay where you are! I'll kill this thing, then I'll help you!" he barked firmly. His own eye lost its red haze, now frantically searching for any nearby child survivors.
			"Please... I'm so cold now... Help me..." the voice said again.
			He looked down.
			No.
			Can't be.
			Another trick.
			Or he was going mad.
			"Help me..." Junior begged again.
			Connor sank to his knees.

		Battle of Belson, Part 3
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Monday, 8th of February, 2016.
			11:09 AM, GMT.

			Chloe, Amy, and Bea arrived outside the repair shop.
			"The door..." Amy spotted. "Sh-shit."
			The others noticed the smashed-in doorway.
			They rushed inside, caution be damned.
			There, they saw something sickening.
			Blood everywhere. The floors, the walls, the ceiling...
			Oh, the ceiling...
			It had a smashed skull stuck to it.
			The rest was just a pure pile of gore. At most, a few arms and legs were identifiable.
			On the sofa, a blood-soaked Shannon sat, shellshocked. She was absentmindedly eating the cake dough her and Trey had made.
			It was still too oily. But it tasted alright.
			Trey was laid next to her. He was naked, asleep, and completely uninjured.
			"Cake?" she offered, her eyes vacant.

			"Help me..." Junior whispered again.
			"You're... a child?" Connor asked, feeling a knot in his torn stomach form.
			Junior nodded. "I'll be... 7 in... May..." it--he--protested, the way kids do when you note that they're kids.
			Connor hesitated, then pressed his hand against the beast's head.
			He peered in. Another mind-merge.
			He saw... awful things.
			Cutting. Burning. Injections. So many injections.
			He saw through Junior's eyes, as the little boy watched his own reflection twist and change on the glass of the vat he was being kept in.
			He felt the horror of a small child, looking down at his arms and seeing them turn into an abomination's claws.
			He saw his father Campbell sreaming in fury, as even more super-serum flowed into the boy's body. It seemed they'd drained all the kid's blood, and replaced it with serum. And it seemed Campbell was enraged that his son was a monster, and not a god.
			He felt the pain, the fear, the rage flowing through the kid's head, as he slaughtered through Beslon just moments before, trying desperately to get the pain to stop. The same pain in the skull that tormented Connor.
			"I'm..." Connor's voice cracked. "I'm sorry."
			"Please... Help me..." Junior asked once more.
			"I... Okay, hold on. You're a strong kid, right?" Connor encouraged. "You're gonna be okay. We'll get you to a friend of mine, and you'll survive."
			"No..." Junior cut in. "Help me... to get rid of... the pain..."
			His eye welled up with tears, as he looked down at the crime that was Junior.
			"Didn't want to... Didn't want to hurt anyone..." the poor creature said as his heaved.
			"I know." Connor nodded solemnly.
			"Pain... gonna come back... unless..."
			"No." Connor shook his head. "I'm sorry. I... can't."
			"Please... have to... before..."
			"I'm so sorry..." Connor cried.
			"Want to die... while I'm... still me... Please?"
			Connor took a deep breath, then shuffled closer to his head.
			"Listen..." he whispered, cradling the head gently. "I'm gonna find the men who did this to us. I'm gonna kill every last one of them. And I'm gonna make sure no one ever, *ever* does it again. And I promise, I'll remember you. Til the day I die."
			"Like... this?"
			"No. Like you really are. With your blue eyes and your brown hair and your freckles." Connor nodded, tears streaming from his eye.
			"Thank... you..."
			Connor stood, and took a deep breath. He held his blade in the air, right above Junior's neck.
			"I'll make it as quick as I can, okay? No more pain, I swear."
			Junior let out a rattling noise - a bloody, ragged breath.
			"Shh..." Connor gently whispered. "Go in peace."
			"I'm... sorry..." Junior rasped. "Your friends... all those people..."
			"I forgive you."
			*SCH-SQUELCH*

			Connor took a few steps out of the crater, as his broken, bladed arm fell off almost lazily - the connective tissue finally annihilated. The whole square was a devastated, scarred landscape. Buildings had been shattered, hundreds of bodies strewn across, and enough blood to feed a vampire for years. He made it to Sparky's body, and pressed his hand against his packmate's head. Still a flicker.
			Then, he passed out, as helicopters flew over and sirens closed in.
			A VTOL craft touched down paces away, and heavily-armed soldiers rushed over, placing Connor, Ivan, and Sparky into stretchers.

		Battle of Belson, Denouement Part 1
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Monday, 8th of February, 2016.
			11:27 AM, GMT.

			An old, battle-hardened man stood on his balcony. He bore the marks of a storied army career - multiple scars, an eyepatch over his right eye, a missing left arm, and an unnatural gait implying at least one prosthetic leg. He wore a black waistcoat over a white shirt and a red tie, as well as a long leather trenchcoat. His slivery hair was long and untamed, stretching down to his shoulders. His beard was likewise thick - were it not for the clothes, he'd look destitute.
			His phone rang.
			"Major?" the voice on the other end began. "The Belson situation... it's over."
			"Thank god. I had a feeling our man'd pull through." the Major nodded. His voice was a mix of Received Pronounciation and Welsh. "How's Mr. Sokolov?"
			"Critical, but stable. Same for the wolf. Mr. Barrett is badly injured and unconscious, but he doesn't seem like he needs immediate intervention."
			"Good. Has the site in Belson been secured?"
			"Yes, sir. Morland Genetics is now a fully operational MI5 field office. We've finished installing the equipment in the labs - so we're ready to admit our new 'patients' as soon as they arrive. We've used the Kestrel to ferry them across - with sedative gas canisters in place, should Barrett wake up disoriented."
			"Excellent. And his friends?"
			"We have a team in place to pick up Miss Derrington. But... there's been a complication."
			"There always is. The key is that Connor has people he knows, people he trusts, with him when he wakes up. We need Miss Derrington - we need her anyway to manage the recovery - and we'll also need Miss Jefferson, Miss Zhao, and Mr. Morgan."
			"...about Morgan, sir..."

			Chloe reached into her equipment box, took out a stethoscope and, hesitantly, put it to Trey's left side.
			Bm-bm. Bm-bm. Bm-bm.
			She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and put it to his right.
			Bm-bm. Bm-bm. Bm-bm.
			"Fuck..." she whispered softly.

			19:43 PM, GMT.
			In a fairly high-end flat in Caldermouth, Professor Lowenthal poured himself a glass of scotch. He drank it, savouring the taste. Then, a knock at his door.
			"Right on cue..." he muttered, approaching. He looked through the keyhole, sighed, and opened it.
			"Come in..." he shrugged. A man in a hoodie entered.
			"Thank you..." the man nodded. He had a subdued Chinese accent - like a man who had lived in Britain for decades.
			"What on Earth are you doing here?" Lowenthal asked.
			"Good to see you too, Professor Lowenthal. It's been a while."
			"I could say the same... Dr. Zhao."
			Zhao took down his hood. He'd shaved his head and grown out a beard.
			"Not the best attempt at disguise, I must say." Lowenthal grinned, before his expression turned sour. "Why have you come? You know exactly what they'll do if they find you."
			"I swear, Isaac, I never meant to bring any trouble to your door."
			Lowenthal scoffed. "Oh, I don't care about that. I know full well there's a bullet out there with my name on it, and when it one day crashes into my skull, I'll finally pay for an iota of what we did. So, why have you come?"
			"My grandaughter." Zhao shuddered.
			Lowenthal rubbed his eyes. "Oh, Christ in heaven. Please, tell me it's not..."
			"No, thank goodness. It's Subject 1 - Connor. He's the 'Werewolf.'"
			"That makes much more sense." Lowenthal nodded. "I've done my best to keep track of them all, but it's not been easy. Thankfully, they've formed some friendship group. She's applied to one of my courses, you know. Veterinary science."
			"Bright girl. If only I'd... Anyway, you've seen the news?"
			"Who hasn't? As soon as I saw it, I knew exactly what they'd done. Textbook dysregulated activation. The poor child... not to mention what it did to Fenrir 6." Lowenthal sighed.
			"Speaking of activations... have your assets contacted you?" Zhao tilted his head.
			"I only have Jones left, and he's gone into hiding ever since the attack on the labs the other week." Lowenthal admitted. "I've considered recruiting Derrington, but until I know what she knows, it's far too risky. Why?"
			"Trevor Morgan - Subject 49. 'Killed' in crossfire." Zhao began. "And then he made quite a mess at 1's house."

			The Earl of Oxford walked through an industrial hallway. He was accompanied by another man - this one, with a bushy moustache and slicked-back hair, along with black veins around his eyes.
			"Mr. Vacher." the old man nodded. "You wished to show me the results of your... project?"
			"Yes, monseigneur." Vacher nodded back. His accent was French - specifically hailing from Alsace-Lorraine. He turned the corner to a platform that oversaw a large open-plan room.
			Inside, a platoon of identical-looking men stood. Each with pale skin, black-veined eyes, and shaved heads.
			"Marvellous..." Oxford grinned. "Origins?"
			"Vagrants. Kidnapped from many different cities, to avoid detection." Vacher nodded. "Flesh-crafted to be physically identical in every way - including combat capabilities."
			"And the mental conditioning? I'd like to see for myself that the technique I showed you is working."
			"Of course." Vacher smiled. "Number 94?"
			One soldier looked up.
			"Shoot number 93, then yourself."
			Immediately, the soldier shot the one next to him, and then himself. None of the others reacted - their expressions were vacant, almost bored.
			"Incredible... how many can you provide?"
			"Assuming my supply lines are well-fed... how many do you want?" Vacher grinned.
			The old man chuckled, then his face turned serious. "You don't take your orders from the Commandant, nor Paladin, anymore. Their... ideological inflexibilities... caused all this mess. From now on, you work for me. Understood?"
			"Of course, monsieur Directeur." Vacher nodded. "Or should I say, monseigneur, comte d'Oxford? Mister de Vere?"
			"Oh, please. Call me Gordon."

			In a hidden laboratory in Karelia, two scientists laboured over the Judge's body. Its head remained in the glass vat across the room, its eyes clsoed.
			"[Fascinating...]" one scientists began. "[The neural growths in the chest cavity appear to have adapted to the missing head. The nerve clusters seem to be--]"
			At that, the Judge's hand ripped upwards, and slammed the scientist's head into the corner of the guerny, crushing it and denting the metal.
			"CHYORT!" the second scientist gasped, hitting the alarm button.
			The body rose to its feet, and shambled towards the head. It smashed the glass, grabbed the head, and placed it onto its neck. The black tarry fluid erupted from its pores, and formed a brace around the neck. Then, its eyes shot open, and its nose took a sharp intake of breath.
			"[Get away... get away...]" the scientist begged.
			The Judge grinned savagely, licking his lips.
			"Oh... It is good to be back." he growled.

			"So that just leaves Amy. Our beloved Subject 302. No wonder you're here." Lowenthal sighed.
			"If Gordon's going to react to Belson like I expect, then I need to protect her." Zhao shuddered. "I'm not having her be a tool in all of this. Not again."
			"If Gordon reacts like I expect... we *all* need protection." Lowenthal mused. He poured another glass of scotch. "Subj--no. I'm done pretending they were numbers. *Connor* is the key. So is Trevor. And as much as I hate to say it..."
			"No way." Zhao shook his head firmly. "Amy is still human. Unactivated. Unspoiled. We can't..."
			"*We* might not be able to stop it. The noose is tightening, old friend." Lowenthal sipped his drink.
			"Dig a trench, Dr. Zhao. And make it a deep one. I suspect, after today... things are going to get a whole lot worse."

		Battle of Belson, Denouement Part 2

	The Battle of Belson

Gods Among Men
______________________________
VOLUME 3
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		FLASHBACK
			WAKE UP.
			The words echoed through Connor's skull.

			WAKE UP.
			He saw glimpses. Flashes.
			The first hit him like a truck. His blade swinging down on Junior's neck, taking off his head.
			The second was more subdued. His hands shaking the Super-Agent assassin in the toilets of the Singing Horse, many months ago. He felt as the neck snapped in his palms.

			WAKE UP.
			The voice was ethereal.
			Inhuman.
			Monstrous.
			Alien.
			A clarion call. Demanding. Ordering.
			WAKE UP. WAKE UP.

			Connor grabbed Laverty, and it felt *good.* So he drove the fire poker up his skull.
			First kill.

			WAKE UP. WAKE UP. WAKE UP.

			More flashes, now.
			He saw Junior ripping him in half.
			No, not him. It was through Sparky's eyes.
			He saw that bastard Commandant killing young wolves, while he--no, Sparky--was chained down.
			The mind-merge they shared. It roared on, like a telepathic storm.
			He saw the moment he punched a Patriot in the chin, detonating the skull like a shotgun blast.

			WAKE UP.
			He rose up from the ground. He spotted a trio of men, standing over Shannon. She'd been zip-tied, and pistol-whipped.
			He felt rage. Rage. RAGE!
			He gripped the first through the back, his fingers popping through the skin like paper. He gripped the spine, and ripped it out in a fluid motion, before swiping his arms through, cutting the man to shreds.
			The other two turned, and frantically drew their weapons. It was no use.
			He recognised the leader - Gary Ritter. What was he doing here?
			This wasn't a memory... It wasn't like Sparky had human hands. And he'd never slaughtered people in front of Shannon... had he?
			He delivered a punch to Gary, as strong as he could go. The fist went straight through the chest, popping out the other side and leaving a massive hole around his forearm.
			Worse than that. The force of the blow created enough motion, it sucked Gary's body through it. As it fell through, it tore into giblets of gore, which sucked through the hole and sprayed all over the room.
			The final man fired a shot right at Connor's head, which dug into his cheek. He delivered an uppercut with launched the head upwards. The skull shattered on impact, splatting and sticking to the ceiling.
			He delivered a kick to the torso, disintergrating it into paste. The legs seemed to take a step forward, before collapsing.
			He took a deep breath, his chest heaving. Shannon looked up in horror.
			"Trey?" she asked, panting in fear.

			Oh.
			Another memory.
			But...

			WAKE UP. WAKE UP. WAKE UP. WAKE UP.

			WAKE UP.

		Awakening
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor's eye snapped open, his iris a shimmering red before dimming down into its normal steel-grey. He tried to speak, but instead choked on a plastic tube.
			"Shh, shh, don't try to talk." Chloe rushed over. Sveta was there too, and she pulled out the feeding tubes, before flashing a pen-torch into his eye.
			"Can you hear me?" she asked.
			"Mm...hmm..." Connor groaned affirmatively.
			"Can you speak?"
			"Y--Yeah..."
			"What's your name?"
			"Spark---No, Connor. Sorry... Mind-merge."
			"When were you born?"
			"Um... 6th of Feb, 2016. Hang on, no... that was Chloe's..."
			Chloe gripped his shoulder tightly, worried.
			"24th of October, 1996." he finally answered.
			"Very good. Let's get you up. Dorogaya?" Sveta nodded, and the pair helped him rise.
			His vision was awfully blurry.
			"Fuck... Sparky, I need to save him! I need to---"
			"It's okay." Chloe cut in. "He's here, he's safe, we're doing all we can... he's very strong."
			"Ivan? Olivia?"
			"Here too." Chloe nodded.
			"The people." he gasped. "I need to help them, I need---"
			"It's okay. As soon as you killed that thing, emergency services came in. The whole place is safe."
			Connor took a deep breath, and put his hand to his right eye. "There's something on my eye..." he said, picking at it.
			"It's a bandage, don't---" Sveta began, but Connor took it off.
			"Oh, yeah..." he sighed.
			"You took some really bad beating to your head, dorogoy." Sveta began softly. "You... you might've lost some things."
			"How long have I been out?"
			"10 hours. It's nearly 2 in the morning." Chloe replied, stroking him gently. Then, a tear rolled down her cheek, pooling in her scar.
			"Oh god... are you okay?" she asked, finally allowing herself to feel.
			He went to take her hand, but realised the arm hadn't regrown. Shifting slightly, he grabbed with his intact hand. "I... it was horrible. So many people... so many people..."
			"I'm sorry, I--I called Sveta, I didn't know what else to do, I..."
			"It's alright." he smiled softly. "You did the right thing."
			Sveta smiled warmly, observing the moment.
			Connor looked around, his vision focusing better now.
			"Where are we?" he asked. "My, uh... pigeon-senses aren't working yet."
			Chloe let out a soft chuckle. "We're in Riverside."

			Then, a man entered the room.
			He was scarred. An eyepatch, a missing arm, and an awkward gait. He wore a black waistcoat under a leather trenchcoat.
			"Major." Chloe nodded.
			"Miss Derrington." he replied, walking over to Connor. "Mr. Barrett, I am Major Rhodri Bevan, formerly of the British Army - now MI. Pleased to meet you. I'd shake your hand, but... we seem to be missing the matching ones. Sorry to drop in, I just saw you had woken up is all." he nodded gently.
			"MI5. You're the one that sent me." Connor noted.
			"I didn't say MI5 - just MI." Bevan smiled. "We'll come to that. And not me. I personally was against the op. Thank God they didn't listen - without you there, who knows what that monster would've done."
			"Stop it." Connor sighed painfully.
			"Mr. Barrett... Connor. I know it doesn't feel like it, but you saved so, so many lives. What happened today... was a victory."
			"No." Connor said curtly. "It was a tragedy."
			"No." Chloe cut in. "It was both."
			Connor looked at her, a tear forming in his eye.
			"As far as we can tell, that monster--" Bevan began.
			"Junior." Connor interrupted. "His name was Junior. And he had blue eyes and brown hair, and he was gonna be 7 in May. He was a victim too."
			The others looked at him, confused. Bevan nodded deferentially.
			"As far as we can tell, Junior was already going to be released, sooner or later. Documents recovered from Campbell's gang implies he wanted to prove himself to Paladin though mass murder."
			"Where's Campbell now?" Connor asked, rising slightly.
			"Missing. I wish I could say 'presumed dead,' but..."
			Connor sighed, and turned to Chloe. "Can I see Sparky?"
			"Yeah, of course." she smiled, helping him up.
			"I'll see you later, Mr. Barrett." Bevan nodded.
			"Yeah... see you around." Connor nodded back. Chloe helped him out of the room.

		Waking up
		______________________________
		SCENE
			As soon as he entered the hallway - which had turned into a makeshift waiting room - he was pounced upon by Amy.
			"Oh my god... I thought you were dead... I thought that thing killed you..." she said hurriedly.
			"Hey..." Connor sighed, embracing her back. They finally broke apart.
			"How are you feeling?" she asked, worried.
			"Like I got hit with a piece of rebar so hard my eye fell out." he quipped. Amy chuckled, then began laughing loudly.
			"Oh, Christ... yeah, you're still fine." she grinned.
			A man in a white labcoat approached.
			"Oh, mademoiselle Derrington? Le chien commence a s'agiter." he began.
			"Ah..." she nodded. "Merci, Docteur Bouzid."
			She turned to the others. "Sorry - Connor, this is Dr. Bouzid. He's a trauma surgeon from Algeria - the Major had him flown over earlier. He said Sparky is stirring - let's go see him."
			"Algeria?" Connor tilted his head.
			Bouzid nodded deferentially. "Al-Dhib. Vive l'Algerie, mort aux tyrans."
			Connor smirked.
			"Go see him - I'll be out here, yeah?" Amy smiled, hugging her brother.
			"Yeah... I'll see you in a bit." he nodded.

			Machines beeped in Ivan's room, as he remained hooked up to a variety of devices - dialysis machines, bypassers, monitors - and stirred ever-so-slightly.
			He was in good condition, for a man who'd broken his neck, and everything below it. He forced his head to let out a grunting noise.
			Sveta came in, and gasped, rushing over and taking out the feeding tube.
			"Commissar?" she asked.
			"Oh, chyort..." he groaned. "[I'm back in fucking Grozny.]"
			She let out a chuckle. "[Things were simpler back then, eh? Only one mutant to worry about. How are you feeling?]"
			"[Like shit.]" he coughed.
			"[Go back to sleep, Commissar.]" she smiled softly. "[Get some rest.]"
			"Spasibo... Krasnaya Vdova." he said, forcing himself to nod.
			She chuckled, saluted, and left.

			A team of Algerian doctors stood around Sparky's body, bewildered. They'd housed him in the car repair bay - fittingly enough.
			Connor rushed over, and pushed his head against his packmate.
			The merge was... weak. Faint. But it wasn't nothing.
			"He's dreaming." Connor nodded. "He'll be okay."
			"He's in a good position." Chloe smiled, putting her hand on his shoulder. "He still has his heart and lungs, so we've not had to respirate him like we did to you after the Judge. The biggest challenge has been getting food into his system without a stomach or intestinal tract - we've been providing him with parenteral nutrition directly into his bloodstream. Normally, we'd have to calculate the mix exactly - but thankfully, his body is filtering it for us. We're dialysing him in lieu of kidneys, and..."
			Suddenly, she stopped talking, and her expression went vacant.
			"Chloe?" Connor asked, worried.
			No response. Then, a sharp intake of breath.
			"...and we're keeping an eye on his regeneration." she finished. She turned to face Connor.
			"Oh..." she looked away, embarrassed. "Sorry... fuck, I..."
			"No, it's fine - are you okay?" he asked, walking her away from the operating table.
			"Sorry... I'm sorry..." she repeated, as he sat her down.
			"Was that a seizure?" he asked cautiously.
			"Y-yeah." she nodded. "Absence seizure. Probably just because I'm tired, or-or stressed."
			"Shit... I'm sorry." he looked down. "It's my fault, I--"
			"No, don't." she shook her head. "Look, I'm just tired is all. Haven't checked my blood sugar in a while, either. Same thing happened when you were out from the Judge - it's just exhaustion."
			He smiled sadly. "Look, you need some rest. Is your home safe?"
			"I've got work to do." she shrugged. He looked at her, wordlessly pressing.
			"Fine." she relented. "I'll get another patient bed into your room, and have a nap."
			Connor smiled. "Thank you."
			She hesitated. "Before I do... you should probably see Trey."
			"Trey's here?"

			The pair came out of Sparky's room. Amy joined them, and they went into another spot.
			Chloe nodded. "We've had to repurpose the break area into a patient room. Trey's through here."
			Within, Shannon was snoring softly, her head resting on the bed. Trey was fast asleep, with EEG and ECG monitors stuck to his skin.
			"What's happened to him?" Connor asked, worried. Then, he gasped.
			"Hang on..." he whispered. "1, 2, 3..." he pointed at the girls, "4, 5..." he pointed at himself. "Why are there 7 heartbeats in this room?"
			Chloe sighed. "Trey... was attacked at your place. Gunmen, not sure who. He was shot in the head, and then... he killed them all."
			Connor shuddered. "You mean..."
			"He's like you." Amy nodded. "He has superpowers."
			"Shit..." Connor shook his head. "Why's he still asleep?"
			"Looks like a healing coma." Chloe noted. "Working theory is, he entered it to generate his new biology. Same way Ivan and Naismith were out of it for hours after you saved them."
			Connor sighed. "But he's never had super-serum. Nor was he taken by Paladin."
			"Exactly. Which leads me to believe..." Chloe began, "That whatever gave you your powers... isn't from the Optimates. At least, not directly."
			Connor ran his hands through his hair.
			"Connor... Chlo..." Amy began, "You guys get some rest. I've had some sleep - I'll shout if anything happens."
			"Thanks, sis." Connor embraced her. She clutched his back as tight as she could. They broke apart, and she hugged Chloe tightly.

			Back in Connor's makeshift room, they pushed the new patient bed next to Connor's. Chloe got comfortable, as did he.
			"I'm sorry..." he finally began. "You don't deserve any of this."
			"I chose this, remember?" she shrugged, taking off her glasses and checking her blood sugar. "I love you, Connor."
			"I love you too." he smiled softly. "I just..."
			She turned, and hugged him tightly. "It's okay." she whispered. "Seizures and diabetes, I can handle - I've been dealing with them all my life. Patching you guys up after a fight - making you ready to go out there and be a hero again - it's how *I* help save lives."
			Connor sighed. "Am I a hero? After today?"
			"Yes." she said firmly. "What happened today would've been so much worse if not for you."
			Connor looked away. She put her hand on his cheek, pulling his face back.
			"You saved so many lives, today. And I know that doesn't make you feel any better... but it's the truth."
			He smiled softly, putting his hand up to hers. She pulled him in for a kiss, and the two laid down.
			She fell asleep almost as soon as her head hit the pillow. He simply looked up at the ceiling, deep in thought.

		Back in the saddle
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"That is not the point!" Bevan barked into his phone. "The fact is, demonising the man who saved everyone will, at best, turn the public against you. At worst, it means when this happens again, we have nothing!"
			The phone let out a winding diatribe of noise. The morning sun was now peeking over the horizon again. Despite it all, the day rolled on as normal. Bevan took a deep breath of the fresh, cold air, standing outside the back of the laboratory complex.
			"No, that is not at all an option! Sending in the army to resolve a situation like that would only mean far more deaths. These things are fast, strong, and tough. We need to fight fire with fire. Hence, the Werewolf option."
			More noise came out from the phone.
			"I can't attend the COBRA meeting, no. I'm busy trying to ensure our one weapon in this war doens't have a psychotic break from stress, funnily enough. Speaking of... the matter of releasing his uncle."
			Louder noise.
			"I don't care if the contract was completed or not! As I said at the time, revenge ops never go cleanly. Thank God he was able to fight the beast! Now, he's just been through something that would give *me* PTSD, and we both know my history. He's going to need all the comforts he can get, and that includes his uncle."
			More, even louder noise.
			"Oh, an excellent plan. And when he snaps, breaks his uncle out anyway, and refuses to trust us ever again, then what?!"
			Quieter noise. A pause. More, quiet noise.
			"I'm glad you understand, Mr. Prime Minister. Good day." Bevan spat, hanging up.
			"Bloody idot." he muttered.
			Connor chuckled, revealing himself.
			"I didn't vote for him, by the way." Bevan snarked. "Morning, Mr. Barrett. Good to see you up and about."
			"Couldn't sleep." Connor shrugged.
			Bevan pointed out the new eyepatch Connor had morphed. "Copying my style, are we?"
			"Oh yeah, Pirate Chic is all the rage these days." Connor grinned. Bevan chuckled.
			"Sorry." he corrected himself. "That was rude."
			"Don't be. I much prefer that to everyone pretending they can't see it." Bevan shrugged. "Besides - now we can properly shake hands."
			He gestured down at Connor's freshly-regrown limb. Connor chuckled, and they shook.
			"Lucky bastard." Bevan grinned. "Wish I could do that."
			A pause.
			"Can I ask how it happened?" Connor tilted his head.
			"I brought a gun to a knife fight. Turns out, he was *very* good with a knife." Bevan grinned.
			He took a deep breath. "Pipe bomb. Dublin, 1983."
			Connor's expression turned a little grim. "We gonna have a problem?"
			"You'd think. Actually, it opened my eyes - pun intended."
			Both men shared a chuckle. Bevan took another deep breath.
			"At first, yes, I was furious at the bastards who'd done it. Then, I got home, and I was angry at the politicians and bureaucrats who sent me there. Then, I thought about it a little. *Why* was I there? And then, they brought in the Autonomy, and there wasn't a single terrorist attack outside of Ulster since. I realised why - because we were foreign occupiers. And the moment we stepped back, even a little, they stopped shooting. So, they did what they did because *we* were the criminals, and *they* were defending themselves. If it were my land, my people - would I have done any different?"
			"You sure it's much different, anyway?" Connor tilted his head. "Not like you're *not* from a Celtic nation under the Saxon yoke."
			Bevan shrugged. "Sure, I dont like how Wales is just treated as a funny-sounding England. But I like to think I can call myself Welsh *and* British. And be proud to be both."
			Connor shrugged back.
			"Anyway..." Bevan began. "You'd better get at least *some* rest. Miss Derrington tells me, the more you sleep, the quicker you heal. And we're going to need you soon - I can feel it."
			"Any news on that front?" Connor asked.
			"The Optimates are running scared." Bevan nodded. "Today, the world is waking up to a new order - one where superhumans and monsters can battle in their homes. And people are afraid - and they want the men who did this to suffer. I expect right now, co-conspirators are quietly cutting ties to avoid being caught up in your - our - retribution. And benefactors are popping their heads from the shadows. Make no mistake - what Campbell did was an atrocity, but more than that - it was a fuck-up."
			Connor nodded. "I get the feeling that that doesn't mean we don't have to worry about the Optimates - just now, we have to worry about a hundred other cabals as well."
			"That is also true." Bevan sighed. "How are our friends downstairs?"
			"Trey's one of us now." Connor sighed. "Sparky's gonna be fine. Ivan's in a bad way, but he's awake. Tough bastard. I just popped in on Olivia - she's sleeping, but she'll be okay."
			"Good to hear. And the medical staff I seconded?"
			"They're good. Chloe's been taking the lead, seeing as she knows the most about us. It helps that several of her notes are here, anyway." Connor shrugged. "Why Algerians? Surely MI5 has medical staff."
			"I'm not with MI5." Bevan began. He cleared his throat.
			"Who are you with, then?"
			"MI-Nil. That's it's nickname. Directorate of Military Intelligence, Section Zero. Officially, we don't exist. Unofficially, our job is to investigate, regulate, and deal with superhuman threats. Think of us as ODIN's not-so-evil twin."
			Connor nodded. "So, why can't MI-Nil supply medical staff?"
			"As it stands, I can't quite rule out a leak." Bevan shook his head. "I can't say for certain nobody in the Home Office told Cambpell in advance of the op. As such, until I can verify we're secure, I'm not trusting the agency. I would've called the KGB, but Mr. Morozov has said they're tied up at the moment - unsure why. Thus, I called in a favour from President Bennani. Seems he and his government take their debt to you very seriously."
			Connor bowed his head. "Anyway... I'm gonna go check on Trey. See you later."
			"I'm sure you will." Bevan chuckled. "Until then, Mr. Barrett."

		Smoking with Bevan
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor re-entered the lab complex. Amy was fast asleep, snoring loudly on a chair. He chuckled, and went into Trey's room.
			Trey immediately pounced out of his bed and wrapped Connor into his arms.
			"Hey, bro..." Connor said softly.
			"Oh my god, Connor... I need your help, I--Something's happening to me, I can't quite..."
			"It's okay..." Connor cut in. "I'm here."
			With that, Chloe came in. "Oh, you guys are awake - that's good."
			"Chloe - I-I don't know what's wrong with me." Trey began.
			"Nothing's wrong. You're... you've changed." Connor nodded.
			"I... I killed some people. I..." Trey stammered.
			"Yeah..." Connor sighed. "You were protecting Shannon."
			"Where is she? Is she okay?"
			"She's fine." Chloe jumped in. "She went back to her place. I told her I'd call you if you woke up."
			"Thank God..." he sighed in relief. He looked at Connor.
			"Oh Christ, what happened to your eye?"
			Connor chuckled. "All in good time."
			"Speaking of, can I take a look?" Chloe asked. Connor nodded, un-morphing his eyepatch.
			His eyelids were swollen shut. She tried to pry them open to take a look, but they wouldn't budge.
			"Here - let me." he smiled, pulling them open. She quickly took a photo, and he released as they snapped back into place.
			Inside, a small, milky-white pearl had formed - the beginnings of a new eyeball. Chloe showed him, and he grimaced.
			"I grew back my arm quicker than this." he noted.
			"You took a bad hit to the skull." Chloe shrugged. "When your brain suffers damage, it messes up the healing process - or, maybe, your body focuses on healing it first. Either way, it'll take a little longer to heal."
			"What happened? Was it Belson?" asked Trey.
			Connor nodded, showing him a news article.
			"Oh my god..." Trey gasped. "What is that thing?"
			"Was. His name was Junior." Connor replied. "Anyway... Sparky's in intensive care, so's Ivan and Olivia. That just leaves me and Amy to keep a lid on things here."
			"Me, too, right?" Trey tilted his head. "I'm one of... whatever we are, now?"
			"You're not ready." Connor shook his head. "I wasn't at your stage, either. You need training, first."
			"Why? I can fight - I can feel it." Trey said eagerly.
			Connor shuddered. He recognised the excitement he felt at the same point in *his* journey. It's what led him to break far more bones than he wanted to.
			"You're strong. And you haven't figured out how to control it yet." Connor cut in. "When I was in your shoes, I hit a man in the chin, and the cops thought I'd used a shotgun. *That's* what you are now. I send you after some Patriots, you'll end up killing them. I send you after Super-Agents, they'll make a chewtoy out of you."
			"Connor..." Chloe cut in. "You're still hurt. Besides, there's no world-ending threats at the moment. Maybe you guys should just rest, relax."
			"Good idea." Connor yawned.
			"I just... I've got so many questions." Trey sighed.
			An idea came into Connor's mind.
			"Put your head against mine." he asked.
			"Why?" Trey tilted his head.
			"Just do it. Trust me."
			Trey shrugged, and did so. Immediately, Connor's mind made contact.
			It felt like a ringing, stabbing pain in the head for both. Their minds melded together, brushing into each other's subconscious and mixing emotion and sensation.
			Connor transmitted something Trey sorely needed - context. Instinctive knowledge, brought by months of experience, on what was happening to him. Knowledge of his new strengths - and weaknesses.
			Both pulled back before the link could get stronger - before they would fall to catatonia.
			"Shit..." Trey gasped. "That was..."
			"Freaky? Yeah, wait until we do it for real." Connor smirked.
			"That sounded oddly sexual." Trey grinned.
			"Fuck you." Connor laughed, enjoying the moment of levity.
			Trey paused. "I'm hungry. Really hungry."
			"Yeah, you'll find that. Wanna go get food?"
			"Fuck yeah I do."
			Chloe chuckled. "I was gonna call my professor, Lowenthal - but he's sent me a text saying classes are cancelled today. Sparky and Ivan are both doing well - the doctors can pick up the rest. So, I'm gonna go back to my place, and get some sleep."
			Connor gave her a hug. Both squeezed tightly, letting themselves fall into the other's arms.
			"I love you." he whispered.
			"I love you too." she replied, kissing him. She turned to Trey.
			"Be careful." she began. "I'm still not sure why you have powers all of a sudden."
			"I have a funny feeling we're going to find out soon." Trey shrugged, giving her a hug. "Thanks, Chlo. For all of this."
			"Don't mention it." she smiled softly. She went into the waiting room.
			"Amy?" she began, grinning.
			"Huh?" Amy rose from her slumber.
			"Can you give me a lift to mine?"
			"Yeah, sure." she shrugged, rising. She went into Trey's room.
			"Oi, dickheads." she began. "Look after yourselves, alright?"
			"Amy's being a bitch to us. The world is right again." Trey grinned.
			"Fuck you." she chuckled. "Laters."

			The boys turned to face each other.
			"So, we can't go out in paitent gowns." Trey chuckled. "Any decent clothes about?"
			"Oh, you'll like this bit." Connor smirked, morphing up a jumper and trackies. "Try it."
			Trey hesitated, then closed his eyes. He felt his skin bubble and burst, and looked down - he was wearing clothes.
			"Holy shit..." he gasped, amased.

		Mourning After
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The car pulled up outside Trey's house. Both boys were nursing their bellies. Trey had insisted on driving, on account of being the only one with depth perception. They paused, taking deep breaths.
			"You okay?" asked Connor.
			"Yeah, I'm fine." Trey said unconvincingly. "I... I gotta tell my dad."
			"I know. I told Vince as soon as I got the chance." Connor nodded. "I'll be here to answer his questions."
			The two left the car, and Trey opened the door.

			"Dad?" he called out.
			Immediately, Phil swept in and bear-hugged him.
			"My boy... my baby boy..." he whispered.
			"Hey..." Trey smiled, embracing it.
			"I was so scared... I thought you'd been caught up in all that horror in Belson." Phil began.
			"No, I'm... I'm okay." he shook his head.
			"Hey, Phil." Connor smiled.
			"Oh, hey Connor! Oh shit, what happened to your eye?" he asked, turning.
			"Ah..." Connor cringed. "I got caught up in Belson, I... I'll be alright."
			"Dad..." Trey cut in. "Um..."
			"What's wrong?" he asked, smiling softly.
			Trey rose, and Phil rose with him.
			"Uh, Phil..." Connor cut in. "You might wanna stay sat down for this."
			"Why? What's going on?" Phil tilted his head.
			Trey took a deep breath. Here goes *something...*
			His clothes melted into black tar, and reformed into a kevlar bodysuit - identical to Connor's old costume.
			"Oh my fucking god..." Phil gasped, falling backwards into his seat.
			Trey un-morphed the mask. "Dad, it's still me. It's still Trey."
			"Y--You're the Werewolf?!" he asked, shocked.
			Connor pinched the bridge of his nose.
			"No, I--Well, kinda." Trey shrugged.
			Connor morphed up his own suit. "*I'm* the Werewolf." he answered.
			"Holy shit..." Phil nodded, before going light-headed. "What... what the fuck is going on?"
			"It's a long story." Connor shrugged.
			"I've got time." Phil shook his head.
			"I'll put the kettle on." Trey cut in, rushing to the kitchen.
			"Okay..." Connor took a deep breath. "During the Vicotorian era, a group of aristocrats founded a cabal called the Optimates..."

			"...but why Trey?" Phil asked. He was more with-it, now, and listening intently.
			"I don't know. Not yet." Connor shrugged. "But he's never taken the serum. Even if he *had,* it doesn't make people like us. Whatever Trey is now, it seems like he's the same as me. Post-human."
			"So... how long have you been like this?" he asked his son.
			"Just since yesterday. I got shot at Connor's place." he replied.
			"Shot?!"
			"Yeah, and I thought I was dead. But then I woke up."
			"Same thing happened to me. Paladin's goons came after me, shot me in the head, and I woke up in their torture chamber." Connor nodded. "That's where I first met Sparky."
			"The dog?!" Phil gasped.
			"Oh yeah. Sparky can talk." Trey nodded.
			"This... is a lot to process." Phil sighed, rubbing his temples.
			"He's still Trey." Connor nodded. "He's still your son. He's just... different. Or maybe he hasn't changed at all."
			"What do you mean?" Trey asked.
			"Something about us makes us this way." Connor noted grimly. "And there's a parallel, too. My mum died when I was born. Your mum died when you were born. I thought it was a coincidence at the time, but Sparky's mum died when he was born."
			"You're not saying..." Phil shook his head.
			"I'm saying, maybe what happened to us when we were born made us the way we are." Connor sighed. "I think we won't know until Chloe can take a look at us - and at Amy."
			"Chloe? The girlfriend? She knows?" Phil asked.
			"Yeah. So do all our friends." Trey nodded.
			With that, a brick came through the wall. People making monkey noises ran away, laughing.
			"The fuck?!" Trey barked, his eyes flashing red.
			"Trey, calm down." Connor ordered.
			"Bastards..." Phil muttered. "There's a rumour that the Werewolf... well, that *you* died in Belson. So, they think they can get away with it now. It's worse in Belson - there's a full-blown riot."
			"Not on our watch!" Trey growled. "Maybe they need some mythbusting. Something public. Maybe... a training opportunity?"
			Connor sighed, mulling it over. "You hold back. You don't punch, you don't morph any weapons - restraints only, got it? And nothing - *nothing* near the neck."
			"Got it." Trey nodded.
			"What are you doing?" Phil begged.
			"Stopping a race riot." Trey answered. "Being a superhero."
			"I'll keep him safe." Connor vowed. With that, the two Werewolves left.

		Showing Phil
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor and Trey stood perched on a rooftop, overlooking the streets of Belson.
			Several thuggish men were smashing up windows, stealing what they could.
			"We're not in the business of protecting a supermarket's bottom line." Connor noted. "A lot of these people will be scared citizens, thinking the apocalypse is nigh. But the instigators - the Patriots - they gotta be stopped."
			"Where do we find them?" Trey tilted his head.
			Connor's eye flexed. "*There.*"
			He pointed at a gang of them, throwing petrol bombs into a storefront.
			"Stunlocke - what's your ETA?" Connor asked over his earpiece.
			"I'm nearly here." Amy audibly nodded. "Let's teach these bastards a lesson."
			"Right, first things first - we get stronger with time, as far as I can tell. So, it'll take a while before you're at my level. A human stabs you, it'll still hurt. You get shot in the face, it'll knock you out for a minute. So don't get cocky." Connor explained.
			"Got it." Trey nodded. With that, Connor jumped down.
			"Oh, I---" Trey hesitated. "Will that not hurt?"
			Connor chuckled, looking back up. "Do it. You'll be fine."
			Trey closed his eyes tightly, and pushed himself off. He landed on his feet, anticipating agony - and nothing came. He opened his eyes.
			"See?" Connor grinned. They both morphed into their costumes, and headed forwards.

			"FUCKIN--FUCKING--FUCK!" one Patriot screamed, before Connor's fist made contact with his gut. One man broke a baseball bat over his head, and he didn't react at all.
			Trey grabbed one, holding him tight.
			"THERE'S TWO OF 'EM! FUCKIN' TWO OF 'EM!" the held one shrieked. Connor delivered a jab to the solar plexus, and he spamsed to the ground.
			"See, that's why you're on restraining duty." Connor smiled. "If that was you, you'd've gone right through. Takes time to get your strength under control."
			A bottle smashed over Trey's head. "Can I punch *him,* at least?" he asked, pointing at the offender.
			"Fine. Just mind it." Connor warned.
			Trey delivered his lightest possible punch to the man's gut. He wheezed out, folding like a deck chair.
			"Nice one." Connor nodded approvingly.
			Trey looked down at his fist, grinning.
			A bike ripped into the scene, and Amy hopped off. She pointed her Pulsar at one, and fired. He convulsed violently, and fell to the ground.
			Then, one by Trey's side made a noise that froze Connor's blood in his veins.
			*CHK-CHK!*
			Both boys turned, their reflexes slowing the world down to a halt. But it was too late.
			*BANG!*
			The shotgun pellets raked across Trey's face, blasting him backwards.
			"NO!" Connor roared, grabbing the gunman. He beat his head against the wall, before a downward punch hit his skull hard enough to lose a few childhood memories.
			Trey rose, dased and stumbling.
			"You okay?!" Amy barked.
			"I'm fine..." Trey shrugged. "Fuckin' hurt though."
			"You feel fine? No rage or anything?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Well, I'm pissed off, sure."
			Connor pondered. "Maybe you don't get Rages. Or you're just more level-headed than me."
			"Second one." Trey grinned. The trio finished their little rampage. Connor stood atop a car.
			"LISTEN UP, YOU LITTLE FUCKS!" he roared. "I'M STILL KICKING. SO'S MY MATE! SO ANY OF YOU *FUCKERS* TRY ANYTHING MORE IN *MY CITY,* YOU'RE *DEAD!*"
			The beaten men audibly groaned in submission.
			"I'll meet you guys back at the shop - I'm gonna do another sweep." Amy nodded.
			"Nice one. See you later." Connor smiled.
			With that, the boys headed off.

			"You sure you're alright?" Connor asked, morphing back into casual clothes.
			Trey morphed too, showing his face.
			"A bit bruised, but you'll be fine." Connor shrugged. "Fuckin' pricks."
			"You went a bit off the rails there, yourself." Trey noted.
			"Yeah..." Connor sighed, looking away. "Same thing happened to me, early on. I lost it, beat the guy who shot me to death. Surprised you didn't go the same way, is all."
			Trey shrugged. "You said before that when you got your powers, they tortured you. Could it be that?"
			"Could be." Connor shuddered. "Did you get any urges, though?"
			"I was gonna mention..." Trey began. "There was this one thing, in the back of my head. I don't know..."
			Connor nodded. "That's your Rage. If you don't hurt things, it hurts you in the head. Pushes you to keep harming, killing."
			"That's where my migraine's coming from?"
			"Yeah." Connor sighed. "You can't fight it forever. And you don't want to, either."
			"What do you mean?"
			"We get tougher as we get more pissed off." Connor shrugged. "The Rage is a weapon - you've gotta be smart about it. And make sure you're the one using it, and not the other way around. Still... now we've got each other, maybe we have an outlet."
			"Eh?"
			"Well, we can spar." Connor shrugged. "Trains us both, in case monsters on our level show up again - and it's still fighting, so the urges'll be satiated."
			"You mean I get to beat you up?" Trey grinned.
			"You wish." Connor laughed. The pair headed onwards, back to Riverside.

			The garage was clean. No sign of a massacre.
			"Wow..." Trey gasped. "Some decent janitors around here."
			Connor chuckled, entering the main room.
			Immediately, Vince bear-hugged him.
			"My boy... My precious boy..." he whispered.
			Connor let the hug wash over him.
			Meanwhile, Trey was pounced upon by the rest of the gang. He too let the warmth envelop him. Once the girls had finished, Phil pulled him in too. Finally, they all sat down. Shortly after, Amy joined them.
			"They released you?" asked Connor.
			"Yeah. Said it came from above." Vince smiled. "Connor... If I knew getting me out would mean..."
			"It's fine." Connor shook his head. "We don't need to talk about it."
			"Connor..." Bea began. "Are you sure *you* don't need to talk about it?"
			"I'm fine." he shook his head again.
			"God, that fucking monster..." Amy shuddered.
			"Don't." Connor said grimly, rising.
			"What is it?" Bea asked.
			"Nothing. I just... I don't wanna talk about it." Connor replied.
			"Connor..." Chloe said softly. "It's okay."
			"It's not." he shook his head. "Please, can we all just drop it?"
			"Connor, what aren't you telling us?" Trey pressed. "Is that why you went loco in the pub?"
			"What pub?" Vince asked.
			"Patriot HQ. My first outing." Trey shrugged.
			"You guys should be resting!" Shannon cut in.
			"That's not the point." Trey shook his head. "Connor, what aren't you saying?"
			"Nothing! What, I can't feel like shit because all those people died?!" Connor snapped back.
			"Hey! We're the same thing, now. I still don't know *shit* about what I am, and you're holding out on me. I can tell!"
			"Trey, just leave it..." Chloe said gently.
			"No. He's not telling me something, *again.* We're supposed to be partners, now! Fuck that, we're meant to be best mates! And I can feel it, in my bones, that he's hiding something. Call it telepathy or whatever, but I--"
			"I KILLED A KID!" Connor roared, tears falling out of his eye. "I killed a little kid. His name was Brian. Brian Jr. And he had brown hair and blue eyes, and he was gonna be 7 in May. And I killed him."
			"You didn't have a choice." Chloe said firmly.
			"Wait... that was the monster?" Trey gasped.
			"His *name* was Brian Jr." Connor corrected.
			"But he was killing people! You had to--" Vince began.
			"He was 6 YEARS OLD!" Connor barked. "In what world could I *ever* justify the killing of a 6-year-old boy?! And now Sparky - who's not even a year old himself - is fighting for his life. And so many - SO MANY - people died. A little girl, BISECTED in front of me!"
			"Connor... It's..." Chloe began, searching for the words. What words could even help, here?
			Connor's ears pricked, and he hushed out. The group all looked around, confused.
			Then, he heard the distinctive sound of guns being readied.
			"GET DOWN!" he roared, morphing a ballistic shield. A hail of bullets burst through the window, sending glass shards everywhere.

		Race-Riots
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The volley of shots ended, as the formation of Super-Agents put down their guns.
			"Good! Now I have your attention." the squad leader grinned. Connor pounced out of the window.
			"My suit's out of juice..." Amy shuddered.
			"I can help." Trey nodded.
			"Stay in cover, all of you." Connor ordered grimly.
			Trey hesitated, but complied upon seeing the black-veined visages of the mutant soldiers.
			"You made a right fucking mess, traitor." the leader chuckled.
			"I'm gonna make a right fucking mess here, too." Connor snarled, morphing into his costume.
			"Oh no, not the one-eyed man!" the leader laughed. His Agents laughed too.
			"Listen, I'm here to make a deal. Come with us, and we'll spare your little friends in here. Defy us..." he shook his head, "And we'll kill them all once we're done with you."
			"You think you're gonna beat me?" Connor tilted his head.
			"We're the most elite unit Paladin has to offer. We're closer to you and your little dog than we are to Super-Agents, let alone humans. You're beaten, broken, and half-blind. Your poor little pup was ripped in half. Yeah, I think we're gonna beat you."
			Connor spat at the ground, and raised his fists. "Your little deal would've worked on someone who knew how to give up."
			The leader grinned. "Good."

			As Connor sprinted in, the leader effortlessly ducked out of the way of his hit.
			No matter. He delivered it into the one next to him, and felt bones crack as it made contact.
			A slicing noise hummed through the air, and a serrated blade dug into Connor's back. He spun around, morphing up his own blade and nicking the attacker's neck. A second spin took the head off.
			Then, another knife - this time in his front. Connor gripped the attacker in a bear hug, and squeezed, crunching bone. He threw that one to the ground, and a stomp to the head made it *pop.*
			The gang peeked out of the broken window. Vince gasped at every stab.
			"He's alright." Amy said, squeezing his hand. "He's done this a thousand times."
			"Y-yeah." Chloe nodded, reassuring herself. "Like on the bus."
			"They're not the mon--They're not Junior." Trey agreed. "He'll be alright."
			The air cracked with the incoming haymaker, which slammed into the back of Connor's head. He fell forwards, catching himeself, and morphed a blade from his foot, before doing a move more evocative of break-dancing than a combat maneuver, slicing off a couple of feet. Rising, he delivered a couple of stomps, ending two more assailants.

			Finally, it was just him and the leader.
			Connor growled like an animal, his wrist-blades becoming claws.
			The leader chuckled, drawing his twin machetes. Connor panted, exhausted, before charging in once more.
			The blades swept through the air and ripped across Connor's flesh. Undaunted, he hurled his claws out, carving the Agent's chest.
			The Agent didn't stop. Instead, he drove his left blade into Connor's chest. Connor groaned in pain.
			"FUCK!" Vince gasped.
			"Don't worry." Amy added. "He... he'll be fine..."
			Chloe crawled over to Connor's safe, and entered the code. It opened, and she drew a pistol from it.
			Connor raised his hands up, planning a repeated maneuver - to crush the leader's head. Instead, the leader, wise to the trick, slit Connor's throat with the second blade, before kicking him down.
			Connor fell backwards to the ground, blood pouring from him and pooling around him. He gurgled, trying desperately to breathe.
			"Oh, traitor..." the leader panted. "That was fun, wasn't it? Now, I know you're still awake - so you get to watch this bit."
			"NO!" Vince roared, grabbing the pistol. He fired, and the leader turned gracefully, dodging the shot.
			Vince barked, and fired again. And again. And again. The last bullet was cut neatly in two by the leader's blade.
			Trey took a deep breath, and pounced through the window.
			"Trey, don't!" Phil begged.
			"Oh, my. Do you think *you* can stop me?" the leader sneered.
			Trey responded by morphing up his own kevlar suit.
			"No... can't be." the leader snarled.
			Trey rushed in, delivering his strongest possible punch. The air cracked as it landed, sending the leader skidding back a pace.
			He didn't wait - he pushed his advantage. Strike after strike landed on the leader's guard, the sound of cracking bone filling their ears.
			The leader stabbed out, cutting right into Trey's abdomen. The pain was like fire in his hearts, but he didn't let it stop him. Another punch. And another. And another.
			Connor's limp body stirred, forcing itself to turn onto his front.
			"DIE!" the leader screamed, swiping his blade out ferociously. It cut off Trey's hand, and carved his face. He screamed in rage and agony, and his eyes turned bright blood-red.

			Trey had hoped, until now, that he didn't share the accursed Rage of his fellow kin. That what happened when he transformed was a fluke. That he'd always be in control of his own body, his own power.
			Not anymore.
			He swung out wildly, screaming like a berserker. His own suit had morphed claws on his remaining hand, and he ripped chunk after chunk of gore out of the leader.
			But the leader had one thing Trey lacked - experience. He delivered a brutal push-kick to Trey's chin, disorienting him as his brain slammed against the walls of his skull. Then, a sword impaled him through the chest and stuck down into the ground, immobilising him.
			The leader panted, his own blood dripping from him. "Bastards..." he muttered.
			"NO!" Phil roared, rushing out to his son. He punched the leader across the face, who laughed.
			"Nice try. My turn." he snarled.
			Before the leader could make good on his threat, Connor forced himself to rise, while Trey slid down the blade, still awake and snarling.
			Connor leapt forwards, holding the leader still.
			"NOW, VINCE!"
			*BOOM!*
			The leader's head snapped back, and he screamed in agony. Connor sent a haymaker down, and he barely stayed on his feet.
			Trey used his remaining hand to rip the blade from the pavement, falling to the ground. He forced himself upwards, gripped the handle, and charged in.
			The two berserkers rained blow after blow on the leader. He could only watch as his guard failed him and his body came apart.
			Finally, he was on his knees. Trey caught his breath, and knelt down too, trying to recover. Connor stomped forward, his eye burning bright.
			"Do it..." the leader spat. Connor put his right hand on the leader's jaw, and his left on the roof of the mouth, before pulling.
			First, the cheeks made a disgusting ripping noise, as the jawbone crunched. Then, his neck started to sever from his spinal column. Finally...
			*CRACK!*
			The top half of his head gave way, and splattered down into mini-pieces of bone and brain. Connor held the crushed jaw, and dropped it. He turned to Trey, and helped him up - then both turned to face their horrified friends.
			"Shannon..." Connor panted. "You were right."
			"Wh-what?" she asked, shocked.
			"We need a fuckin' rest." Trey answered, and both hit the ground, unconscious.

		Squad Attack
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The Commandant stood grimly in a large industrial unit, with squads of Super-Agents behind him.
			"So..." he began. "His little friend is one of us, as well."
			One Agent nodded. "Yes, sir. With the death of the hit team, we're running critically low on operatives."
			"It's your own fault." a second scowled. The room went *silent.*
			"It's true." he continued. "All these men, dedicated to the cause - killed, for the sake of a single rogue asset?!"
			The Commandant didn't respond. He didn't even twitch. He merely blinked, facing away from is insubordinate minion.
			"Everything we have done has been by *your* design. And *all* we have to show for it is failure!" he continued.
			The first looked away, terrified.
			"Your pet Barrett isn't worth us losing our heads over--"
			With that, the Commandant turned, slamming the back of his hand into the Agent's skull. It exploded from the force. All present Agents flinched in terror.
			"ANYONE *ELSE* AMONG YOU WHO DOESN'T WANNA *LOSE THEIR HEAD?!*" the Commandant roared.
			Silence. Absolute, deafening silence. Broken only by the headless body collapsing in a sickening squelch.
			"Good." he nodded. "Back to work."

			Back in Redbridge, Eliza was sat on a street corner, busking. It was night now, and the streets were nearly empty.
			A man with a bushy moustache approached. "Lovely singing." he said in a deep French accent.
			"Thanks, love." she smiled. "Spare change?"
			"I have a better idea." he smiled back. "You see, I work for a talent agency. And I see real... potential... in you."
			She tilted her head, but shrugged.
			"Coffee?" he asked. She nodded, and rose. As they walked to the shop, a man in the alleyway pounced out, pressing a rag over her face. She struggled, but went limp.

			Eliza woke up strapped to an operating table. The man was there, in a white labcoat.
			"Wh-where am I? What are you doing?" she asked, terrified. "Who are you?"
			"I..." he began. "Am Marcel Vacher. And you, mon cherie... are going to be my masterpiece."
			"What do you mean?" she begged, trembling.
			He responded by holding a pair of wings in the air - horrific looking wings.
			"Fleshcrafted. Bio-sculpted using nondescript matter. And you, mon petit oiseau... are going to learn to love them."
			"W-what?! What are you talking about? PLEASE, SOMEONE HELP ME!"
			"I've never actually grafted ones this big onto someone of your frame before." he shrugged. "I wonder if your body can take the size, but we shall soon see. Feel free to scream as loudly as you find necessary."
			As buzzsaws and drills whirred up, she screamed. Oh, she screamed.
			But not as loudly as she soon would.

		Don't Lose Your Head

	Awakening
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			It was close to sunset out in Texas. A couple of armed sentries stood outside a stately manor house, smoking.
			"Ugh..." one groaned. "I still don't know why they posted us."
			"Hey, beats bein' in there." the other chuckled. Then, they spotted a man approaching up the drive. In the dark, with the sun behind him, they couldn't make anything beyond a trenchcoat out.
			"Can we help you, buddy?" the first called out. No response.
			"Hey! You hard'a hearin', or somethin'?" the second barked.
			The man flicked out his hand. A knife came tumbling from it, stapling the sentry to the wall.
			Before the first could ready his gun, their attacker was on them, and a second knife slit his throat. He pulled his first knife out, and both sentries made noticable thuds as they hit the ground.
			The man grinned. He took off his coat, revealing a suit of bulletproof armour and a thick black mask, with two small white lenses over the eyes. He drew his pistols, and pushed the door open with his foot.
			He lined up his shot perfectly, and fired. The first sentry in the hallroom hit the ground as his head popped apart.
			The other guards scrambled to grab their guns. The attacker shot one, held his body up, and used it as a shield while he shot another. He dived into cover as more men rushed in, before shooting one more, pistol-whipping one next to him, firing out into the hallway at his last standing assailant, and then executed the bleeding, pistol-whipped man next to him.
			Grinning, he holstered his gun, walking into a fancy office room.
			The man inside - an older man, in a sweaty suit - threw his hands in the air. The attacker simply pulled his knife, and slashed.
			There went the throat.
			"This is Miller." he said into his radio. "Target down."

			"Here's to the boss!" a big, bulky man cheered, popping open champagne.
			"Go Miller! Go Miller!" another man - a soldier - chimed in.
			Miller grinned, taking a glass of bubbly. He had black veins over his eyelids - a Super-Agent.
			Their handler smirked, taking a glass for himself.
			"Great work as always." he smiled. "Enjoy your money."
			"Jackals! Jackals! Jackals!" the team chanted. The handler left, and made a call.
			"Sir, the Jackals have done it again. Yeah, that's correct, Mr. Doherty's down. Collateral was... nothing we can't handle."
			Some chatter came from the phone.
			"Yes sir, that serum worked a treat. Miller's officially gone from assassin to killing machine. Business is booming. Still - would be good if we could get that one guy to join the team. The one from the Hattab job?"
			More chatter.
			"Yeah, I know, he was a little green. But still, take his track record on collateral damage. Plus, his powers... You tell him, if he's strapped for cash, he knows to call IES. Later, sir."
			The phone cut off.

			The sun was rising over Drackhill, now. Connor's eye snapped open again, as he took a sharp intake of breath.
			"Connor..." Vince began. Connor looked around. He was in his bed.
			"Vince!" he smiled, embracing him. Vince wrapped his arms around him warmly.
			"Where's Trey? Is he alright?"
			"He's fine, lad. How about you?"
			"Throat hurts." Connor shrugged, rising. He stretched, feeling his shoulders click.
			"Jesus, that was horrifying, watching yous fight like that." Vince sighed, shaking his head.
			"I'm sorry." Connor sighed back. "If I wasn't knackered and one-eyed, I'd've taken 'em easily."
			Vince smiled proudly.
			Connor went into the living room. There, he saw Trey, eating food.
			"Hungry?" he asked.
			"Yeah. Starving." Trey nodded frantically.
			Phil came in, stretching. "First thing he said when he woke up was he was hungry."
			"I was the same when I lost my hand." Connor shrugged, looking at Trey's arm-stump. It had nearly grown back - only the fingers left to go.
			Connor made a bodybuilder's shake, and slid it over to him. Trey greedily downed it, and asked for another - so Connor obliged.
			Then, a knock at the door.
			Connor's eyes flashed red as his super-vision scanned the front. Then, he rushed over, and opened it.
			Immediately, Sparky jumped up at him, pushing him to the ground and licking his face. Sparky's back half was missing all of its fur, having not long regenerated.
			"Connor!" he barked. "Oh, I thought we were going to die! You're okay! I'm okay!"
			"Sparky..." Connor smiled warmly, hugging him tightly. "I missed you, bud. So much."
			Trey came over, smiling. Sparky jumped up, hugging him too.
			"Hey, Trey!" he barked.
			"Hey, Sparky." he beamed.
			Chloe came in.
			"Hey!" Connor smiled, embracing her. She returned the embrace.
			"Doctor Bouzid said he woke up all of a sudden. They had to run out of the room, since he was disoriented." she explained.
			"Well, wouldn't you be if *you* went from being ripped in half to waking up in a lab room?" Sparky grinned.
			"I know, buddy." she cooed, cuddling him. "Anyway, I thought I should bring him over right away."
			"So, um..." Sparky began. "Trey, what's up with your hand?"
			Trey chuckled. "Well, buddy..."

			After about an hour of explaining, Sparky had grown bored.
			"So, you're like us. Okay, does that mean we get to fight together?" he asked.
			"Sadly, yeah." Connor noted solemnly. "Trey's one of us, and it looks like things are getting worse with Paladin, too. Thankfully, Trey's proved himself."
			"You mean that?" Trey asked, smiling.
			"Yeah. You're one of us, for sure." Connor nodded.
			"I know what to do." Sparky grinned. "Let's go find the biggest, baddest Paladin place, and raid it!"
			Connor chuckled. "Let's all heal up first. I need a new eye, Trey needs a new hand, and you need some new fur."
			"I know. I feel like I'm naked!" Sparky yapped. Trey burst into laughter.

			Vince looked on at them, proudly. Phil let himself feel a flicker of it, too.
			"Hey, Chloe." Vince smiled. She walked over.
			"Hiya! How were they last night?"
			"They're okay." Phil nodded. "I'm still trying to work my head around the talking dog."
			Chloe chuckled. Vince took a deep breath.
			"Thank you... Connor's so lucky to have you."
			"Trey, too." Phil smiled. "I'd've been a wreck if not for you explaining all this."
			She smiled shyly. "I-it's nothing, really. All I had to do for him was give him the right medication, and--"
			"Not just that." Vince beamed. "I haven't seen him smile like this in a while."

			Back in Belson, Ivan was in a wheelchair, facing two handrails.
			"Okay..." the doctor began. "Do your best. If you feel like you're going to fall, just tell us."
			Ivan nodded. He gripped the rails, and pulled himself to his feet. He went to take a step, and immediately fell down.
			"Oh..." the doctor gasped, rushing over. Ivan forced himself back up, and carried on. He made two steps, and fell.
			He spat, forced himself up, and made three this time, before falling.
			"Don't overdo it, Mr. Sokolov." the doctor cut in. "These things take time."
			"We don't have time..." Ivan shook his head, and forced himself up.
			Four steps. Fall. Force up.
			Five steps. Fall. Force up.

			The process ended, and Ivan sat in his wheelchair.
			"Given the extent of the damage, you're in a remarkably good position." the doctor noted. "I'd wager you'll be walking by the end of the week."
			Ivan nodded grimly. "I... I need to go somewhere. For my boss."
			"Where to?"
			"Karelia. Near Finland."
			"We'll have someone drop you off at the airfield. I'm sure Mr. Bevan can arrange it all." the doctor nodded. Ivan sighed, and wheeled himself away.

		A New Pack
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The Commandant took a deep breath, before entering the room.
			There, Lord Oxford was stood, looking at a drawing board.
			"Sir." he said awkwardly.
			Oxford turned to face him, and smiled affably. "Take a seat, Mr. Davis."
			The Commandant nodded, and sat down. His huge frame made the seat creak as he took it.
			"So... Mr. Davis." he began, sitting down across from the monster of Paladin. "This... 'final victory' of yours hasn't been going well, now, has it?"
			"I--Campbell's actions have caused us a great deal of difficutly, sir." the Commandant nodded. "I've got my men doing their best to search for him--"
			"Enough." Oxford muttered disdainfully. "Enough excuses. You are the Commandant of PaladinCorp - it is *your* job to manage things. Now, I tolerated your... 'ideological inflexibilities' for a while, because you were useful. But now, you're becoming more trouble than you're worth."
			"Sir, I--" the Commandant began, and Oxford's eyes flashed from their yellowish-brown to a brilliant violet. Suddenly, the Commandant began choking, as the air in his lungs forcefully evacuated.
			"Do not interrupt me." Oxford snapped, his voice echoing like a choir. The Commandant rattled in pain, as his face turned red. Finally, Oxford released his supernatural grip, and the Commandant gasped for air.
			"Time's up, old chap." he finally sighed. "Your vanity project was a failure. Now, let me make myself very clear. You will attack Mr. Barrett - you will *not* do this in public. After Belson, that's the last thing we need... You will draw him to somewhere remote. And you will kill him."
			The Commandant, still gasping for air, didn't reply.
			"Understand this. If he somehow survives, I will assume it was an act of deliberate defiance on your part. And if he doesn't kill you - myself and Mr. Vacher will make you wish he had. Do you understand?"
			"Yes, sir..." the Commandant choked.
			"What will you do?"
			"I'll kill Connor."
			"Good." he smiled. "Good day, Mr. Davis."
			The Commandant forced himself to his feet, and left.

			The gang had gathered at Chloe's lab in Riverside for the afternoon. Vince and Phil were there too. Connor had pulled in extra seats, to fit everyone in.
			"Thanks again for coming, everyone." Chloe began, nervous.
			Connor gently stroked her hand, and she smiled softly.
			"So... the DNA test results have come back for all of us. First, I confirmed Trey has the extra 15 chromosomes that Connor has. I hadn't had a chance until now to check, but Sparky also has the extra 15, too - in addition to the usual 78 canine chromosomes."
			"The real question is, how'd I get them?" Trey sighed.
			Phil nodded, hugging his son. "Why did you test all of us, again?"
			"Well, to rule out infectious or heritable vectors. If we *all* had these latent chromosomes, it would imply that exposure to Connor and Sparky had given them. Instead... Um, Amy?" she asked.
			Amy looked up, trembling slightly.
			"I, uh... Can everyone else leave the room, please?" Chloe began, dreading this.
			"No, it's fine..." Amy said, shaking her leg nervously. "I..."
			Chloe sighed deeply. "I confirmed Amy also has 15 extra chromosomes. The only thing the 4 of you have in common..."
			"...is what happened when we were born." Connor nodded grimly. "Shit..."
			"Wait..." Vince began, rubbing his temples. "You're saying that... the kids were born like this?"
			"So, why aren't I like you guys?" Amy asked. Her face had gone pale now, as the shock hit her heart - not hearts.
			"My working theory is, the powers require some sort of traumatic activation." Chloe continued. "Sparky was tortured as a puppy. Connor and Trey both got shot in the head. I bet, a rush of Paradrenaline - that's the hormone they use to trigger their Rages - can kick the body into regenerating itself, rebuilding into their new biology."
			"So you're saying... What happened to my Kerry..." Phil gasped.
			"Was on purpose." Vince grimly nodded.
			"I don't understand. There were tests!" Amy asked.
			"Probably hidden by the conspiracy." Connor replied. "The whole inquest always felt like a sham."
			"But why? Why would they do this to us?" she pleaded, tears forming in her eyes.
			"Amy..." Connor began. "Nothing's changed. You're still you."
			"I know it's a massive shock for everyone..." Chloe sighed. Shannon had placed her hand on Trey's left, while his regrown right was clutched by Phil. Meanwhile, Bea embraced Amy. Connor and Sparky were the only ones who seemed unfazed.
			"Did you know already?" asked Vince.
			"No. But I had a hunch since Trey's attack." Connor shrugged.
			"How can you be so calm?" Trey pushed. "I mean, not only are we not human, we never were!"
			"It's... easier for me, I guess." Connor sighed. "I've been this way for a lot longer. Inhumanity is my normal. My nature. And hey, if we're talking about *feeling* like an alien... That's been my life story long before all of this."
			"Are we?" Amy asked. "Are we aliens?"
			"I..." Chloe looked away. "You were all born on Earth."
			"But our species? What the hell are we?" Trey pushed.
			"We're the Werewolves." Sparky barked in through the shock. The whole group looked at him, confused.
			Connor smiled, standing. "That's what we are. We're the Werewolves. We're the people who were born in death. We're bio-engineered weapons. And we're human beings. People. With thoughts and feelings and love and hate, we're still *us.* No amount of sci-fi bullshit will change that."
			Chloe smiled warmly, and squeezed his hand.
			"He's right." Bea nodded, breaking the silence. "I've only known you guys for a few months, but... you're all people."
			Shannon joined in. "Good people. People who took me in without any question. And whatever you are in your body - I know who you are in your hearts."
			"There's only one thing this reveal has changed." Connor said stoically.
			"What's that?" asked Amy.
			"Now... we know someone did this to us. And we gotta find out *who.*"

		Oxford's Orders/DMI reveal
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The Soviet soldier - augmented into a Giant - crawled away from his assailant, desperately holding his guts in his arms. He kicked, snapping the enemy's head back, but it didn't stop the marching avatar of death.
			"Valiant effort..." the Judge growled. "But not good enough, I'm afraid."
			The soldier drew his sidearm - a custom, oversized hand cannon - and fired. It knocked the Judge back, but again, nothing more.
			"You fought with honour and bravery." the Judge began in his uncannily gentle tone. "Go, now. Go in peace."
			With a single swipe, he took off the soldier's head.

			Ivan finished watching the recording, his brow furrowed. He rose to his feet with effort, and turned to face his superior officer, Morozov.
			"[As you can see, we--]"
			Ivan slugged a punch across Morozov's face, sending him to the ground.
			"[I warned you.]" he snarled. "[I said keeping that monster alive would do this.]"
			Morozov got back up, clutching his jaw. "[You can either argue with me, or help us capture it.]"
			"[No. I'll help you *kill* it.]"
			"[...fine.]"

			Chloe woke up in her bed, sprawled in a comfortable position. She groggily got up, and stretched.
			She then sauntered lazily over to her bathroom, rubbed her eyes with water, and took her morning medication. Heading into the kitchen area, she checked her blood sugar - it was a little low, but nothing too bad. She injected a small amount of insulin, before eating a bowl of cereal.
			It had been a long, long week. Her boyfriend nearly died twice, had to watch several people die, had to kill a kid... and she'd been there, patching him up.
			She smiled softly, reclining on her sofa and just resting there for a little while.
			After some time, there was a knock at the door.
			She quickly threw on some joggers and a jumper over her nightie, and checked through the eyehole.
			Then, she smiled, and opened it. Behind the door stood Connor, holding flowers and chocolates.
			"Hey, Chloe!" he beamed. Before he could say anything more, she held his head in her hands, and pulled him in for a kiss. They held it there for as long as they could.
			"Happy Valentine's day." she blushed, taking the presents. "Wanna come in?"
			"Sure!" he smiled, entering. His eye had mostly healed now - it looked more like scuffs to the eyelid. His striking silvery iris had returned, and she looked into it dreamily.
			"So, uh..." he began, "How are you?"
			"I'm good. Think I've been half-sleeping through uni this week, so it was good to have a proper lazy day yesterday." she smiled.
			"That's good. I'm--I'm sorry I haven't had much time to hang out." he scratched the back of his head.
			"It's okay." she nodded, before hugging him. "It's really sweet you've made time for me this morning."
			"Well, not just this morning." Connor beamed. "I've got another training session with Trey in the afternoon - we're gonna hit a depot full of guns. But..." he grinned cheekily, "I've got us a reservation at, uh... that fancy place with the French name I can't pronounce."
			She chuckled. "Les Plumes d'Argent?"
			"That's the one."
			She pulled him in for a kiss. "In that case, you and Trey get on with hitting that depot. I'll get Bea over - she loves doing my hair."
			She gave a cheeky wink. "Morph up your best looking clothes, Mr. Barrett."
			He grinned, and morphed into a waistcoat, button-up shirt with rolled sleeves, tie, trousers, and polished shoes.
			She raised her eyebrows in surprise, and bit her lip before realising.
			"I--I meant for tonight, but--wow, you..." she stammered, "You look good."
			"Not so bad, yourself." he chuckled, kneeling down and kissing her hand. Her face went bright red.
			"Oi, lovebirds!" Trey cut in, tapping on the window.
			Chloe gasped, then laughed. Connor walked over and opened the window.
			"Trey, I showed you the wall-crawling power so we could climb buildings for *missions.* Not to be a dick."
			"Hi, Connor! Hi Chloe!" Sparky barked, likewise stuck to the wall.
			"...I hate being in charge." Connor snarked.
			"See you tonight." Chloe chuckled, squeezing him from behind. He smiled warmly, and morphed into his own costume, before slipping out of the window himself.

			The sun was now high in the air, as the three Werewolves overlooked their target - a depot belonging to the shattered remains of the Patriots.
			Sparky stretched out, his paw-toes pushing into the gravel of the rooftop.
			"Right - scanning time." Connor nodded. Their eyes all turned deep red.
			"How many?" he asked.
			"Uh... 17. I think." Trey nodded.
			"Try that echolocation trick."
			Trey motioned inside his throat, and a freakish hum filled the boys' ears, silent to their prey.
			"Yeah, 17. For sure." Trey smiled. The trio morphed up their masks, and jumped down, rolling as they hit the ground.
			"You're getting better at that." Connor noted.
			"Practice makes perfect." Trey grinned. They kicked in the door, and rushed in.
			"I SURRENDER!" the goons shouted in unison.
			"Alright, motherfuckers, we---wait, what?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Y-yeah, well, you guys would beat us anyway, so... saves us the hassle." a thug replied.
			"Oh." Trey shrugged. "Wait, so... you're okay with being arrested?"
			"Well, it's either get arrested, or have you guys break our bones and *then* get arrested, right?" another shrugged back.
			"Fair enough." Connor chuckled, before pulling out his phone. "Detective - site's secure. Paramedics not required."
			"Not required as in 'because they're all dead,' or..."
			"Nah, it turns out we're pretty fuckin' terrifying." Connor snarked.

		Morning in Karelia/Surrender
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The last of the Patriots had been cuffed and taken away, and Naismith turned to the trio.
			"Well, well - the dynamic duo has a new member, eh?" he chuckled.
			"Hi." Trey waved awkwardly. "I think we're the Terrible Trio now."
			"Oh yeah - this is DCI Naismith. Don't worry about the veins, he's on our side." Connor smiled. "Detective, this is... um... we haven't got a codename for him yet."
			"Werewolf II." Trey shrugged.
			"Nice one." Naismith chuckled. He waited until the other officers had left, before leaning in conspiratorially.
			"Um... we know who you are. Connor."
			Connor rubbed his temples. "Gonna arrest me?"
			"Of course not. But the DNA tests came back, and you're a partial match for your uncle. Not to mention, right after Belson, he gets released? I *am* a detective, you know. Just thought I'd let you know - no one outside of TO-24 knows, not even the mayor."
			Connor chuckled.
			"Wait..." Trey gasped. "You're the cop from the prison, right?"
			"Um... yeah?" Naismith tilted his head.
			"I thought I recognised you!" Trey smiled, unmorphing his mask. "Trey Morgan."
			"You're *really* not very good at this secret-identity thing, are you?" Connor snarked. With that, the trio left.

			They arrived outside the Singing Horse in the late afternoon. A light drizzle of rain provided a refreshing aura of noise, as the trio entered.
			"Shit..." Trey pinched his brow. "I was meant to do the self-defence class yesterday. I completely forgot."
			"Don't worry - Vince covered." Connor smiled. "I'm sorry I've not been doing it, but, well you know - busy superhero-ing."
			"Yeah, me too, now." Trey sighed. "Don't suppose Vince'd take it full time?"
			"Take what full time?" Vince popped up, before wrapping Connor in a bear hug.
			"Hey, uncle." Connor smiled warmly, embracing him back. "How'd the class go?"
			"Oh, it was like training you when you were wee." Vince smiled fondly.
			"So, pretty crap then." Trey snarked. The group chuckled.
			"How come yous are here, then?" Vince asked.
			"Reporting to Tommy." Connor shrugged. "They just gave up without a fight... Patriots have no leadership left at all. I think the Syndicate might be in a position to start expanding."
			"Did I hear that right?" Tommy asked, ascending the stairs.
			"You guys need to stop doing that." Trey laughed.

			"Aaand... Done!" Bea grinned, before holding up a mirror.
			Chloe looked at her hair, and smiled warmly. It had been braided into fishtail, with loose strands at the front having been curled to dangle by her temples. Meanwhile, she had opted for a low-key makeup regimen - one that emphasised, rather than concealed. She took a deep breath.
			"Do you think it looks good?" she asked.
			"*Do I think it looks good?!*" Bea replied incredulously. "Chlo, you look *stunning.* You're gonna blow him away."
			Chloe chuckled, rising. She wore a red A-line dress, with black flats and a leather jacket.
			"Oh, you're gonna knock him dead." Bea grinned, before walking out of the bedroom into her living room.
			Shannon and Amy, who were reclined on her sofa, immediately greeted her with a joint "Ooooh!"
			Chloe chuckled and blushed. "What do you guys think?"
			"You look amazing." Shannon smiled. "You're gonna melt his heart--er, hearts."
			"Oh, yeah - I'm just saying, if you weren't straight..." Amy quipped.
			"And if I weren't dating your brother, right?" Chloe grinned.
			"Nah, I'd still go for it." Amy chuckled.
			The girls shared a hearty laugh.

			Outside, Connor's car pulled up.
			"You go get 'er, tiger." Trey grinned.
			"You got any plans tonight?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Oh, I..." Trey sighed. "I don't know, man."
			"Remember last year?" Connor smirked, encouraging him.
			The pair's minds darted back to the year before.

			Valentine's, 2015.
			"Any luck getting Lucy out?" Connor asked.
			"Ugh, don't even." Amy sighed.
			Trey clapped his hands together. "Well, while you two mope about, I'm gonna go to the Horse."
			"Who with?" Connor tilted his head.
			"See, that's the plan. I turn up, and I look around, and see who's looking at their phones looking sad. Then, I approach, and say 'Hey baby, did you get stood up?' and then BOOM - prey secured."
			"Don't say prey." Amy grinned.
			"Yeah, that--that's a good point." Trey cleared his throat.

			"Hey!" Sparky barked from the back seats. "Stop having flashbacks without me."
			"Sorry, buddy." Connor smirked, before pausing. "Hey, try this. Put your hand to his head, and your other against mine."
			Trey hesitated, but did so. The mind-merge began.
			Three became one. Sparky was Trey, Trey was Connor, and Connor was Sparky. They pushed into each other's subconscious space, reaching down into the pits of their souls. Each saw... everything. Every moment. Every joy, every agony; every love, every loss.
			They all pulled back. Too much. Too much.
			"Whoa..." Trey gasped. "That was... freaky."
			"I know, right?" Connor chuckled. Sparky gave him a lick across the face.
			The trio hopped out of the car, and just in time as well - as the girls came out of the block.
			As soon as Connor spotted Chloe, his hearts skipped their beats. His pupils flexed out and almost swallowed his irises.
			She blushed hard, trying and failing to look him in the eye. They walked up, a breath away from each other, and seemed almost frozen.
			"You--You look..." he stammered. "You look beautiful."
			She grinned giddily, and pulled him in for a kiss. They both melted into it.
			"Right, um..." she cleared her throat. "I guess we'll see you guys later?"
			"I'm not sure what I'll be doing, seeing as I can't get drunk anymore." Trey shrugged.
			"You can be my chaperone." Bea smiled. "'Cause I'm planning on getting sloshed."
			"Me too." Shannon grinned.
			"Well, the evening entertainment will be nice, at least." Trey laughed.
			"Sparky's on patrol tonight, as well - little mite has volunteered so I won't get called away." Connor smiled.
			"Hey, love is in the air or whatever you humans say." Sparky quipped. "Just hope I don't get distracted by anyone in heat..."
			"That is *gross.*" Trey stuck his tongue out, cackling. Sparky playfully bat at him with his paws.
			"I'm on patrol too." Amy nodded. "Olivia's still in physio, and Ivan's swanned off to Russia - so we'll cover the city together."
			"Thanks, sis." Connor smiled. "Any problems--"
			"I'll phone *Trey,* not you." she said firmly, before grinning. "Anyway - fuck off, lovebirds. You're gonna be late."
			"Wow, you can just *feel* the love, eh?" Connor grinned.
			"Don't think, just because you've got powers, I can't kick your arse." she jabbed. With that, the laughing gang parted ways for the night.

		Valentine's Day beginning
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor's car pulled up outside "Les Plumes d'Argent" - the poshest restaurant he'd ever seen in his life.
			"I'm so excited." Chloe beamed. "I haven't eaten here in ages."
			"You've been here before?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Well - the one in Devizes." she chuckled.
			"It's a chain?!" Connor gasped. "God damn it - here was me, thinking it was some fancy local spot."
			She giggled. "It's still the fanciest restaurant in Drackhill. Which admittedly says as much about the city as it does about Les Plumes."
			Connor chuckled, hopped out of the car, and opened her door for her.
			"Such a gentleman." she grinned, taking his hand. They walked into the restaurant, where a man in a snazzy uniform greeted them.
			"Good evening, sir and madame - welcome to Les Plumes d'Argent! Do you have a reservation?"
			"Uh, hey." Connor began awkwardly. "8 PM, for Connor and Chloe?"
			"Excellent. Right this way, please." the waiter nodded, escorting them to their table.
			The restaurant was heaving with people - swarms of pairs. Connor pulled out Chloe's seat, and she chuckled as she took it.
			"Here is our drinks list." the waiter said, placing the papers down in front of them. "I'll give you a minute."
			"Cheers, mate." Connor nodded, before self-consciously scratching the back of his head.
			Chloe giggled. "Right... I know you can't keep up with me, so I'll only have a glass. See anything you like?"
			Connor chuckled, then squinted as he read the list. "Uh... peanut griggio?"
			She burst into laughter. "Maybe just a cola for you. How about the food? See anything you like?"
			Again, Connor squinted. "At least in Algeria, the vendor would point at the chicken couscous for you."
			"You ate chicken couscous in Algeria?" she tilted her head. "Oh, of course you did!"
			"Yeah, after the Hattab job, me and Sparky were *starving.*" he explained. "We got into the market square at sunset, just in time to hear the Adhan. It was beautiful. That's where I got that coin."
			"Ohhhh!" Chloe nodded, smiling. "Anyway... if you need me to translate, just ask."
			Connor chuckled, reading. "Buh... boolyboo... booilaboss... uhm..."
			"Fish stew." she grinned.
			"Ah. How about... fillet miggnun?"
			"Filet mignon." she giggled. "Very tender steak."
			"Oh, like dishwasher steak?" he cocked an eyebrow.
			"...what?"
			"Put a vacuum-sealed steak in the dishwasher for 90 minutes, then sear off in a pan - perfect medium-rare." he explained nonchalantly.
			The waiter, who had just arrived, cleared his throat gently. "Um... Water for the table. Were you ready to order drinks?"
			Connor blushed slightly. "Uh, glass of whiskey with ice, please?"
			Chloe choked down a giggle. "I'll have a glass of pinot grigio, thank you."
			The waiter nodded, placed down the jug of water, and walked away. The couple burst into laughter.
			"Yeah, needless to say, we have slightly different class backgrounds." Connor grinned.
			"Where on Earth did you learn to do that?" Chloe chuckled.
			"Amy saw it online. Made one, me and Vince scoffed it. She told us about it after, and we had a pretty similar reaction to you, to be fair." he shrugged, smirking.
			She laughed again, reaching out and brushing his hand. He smiled warmly.

			"Wooo!" cheered Bea and Shannon, having ordered their fourth round of shots that night.
			Trey grinned, downing his easily. The girls drank theirs, and gagged.
			"God... remember the days when he'd be stumbling around, singing?" Bea snarked.
			"I know!" Shannon grinned.
			Trey sighed softly.
			"Oh, I--I'm sorry, Trey." Bea gasped, putting her hand gently on his arm.
			"It's fine." he shrugged. "It's just... I know it sounds dumb, but it puts into focus how... different I am now."
			He looked down absently at his cup. "I don't even miss being drunk. Lord knows I've had my fair share of stupid moments while hammered. But after this week... I dunno, part of me wanted to just drown it all down. Instead, I can... I can *feel* my liver processing it faster than I can drink it. So many new senses, so much more change..."
			"I get it." Shannon said softly. "I mean, I know what it's like to look down at your body, to... to feel it change, in ways you don't feel like it should."
			Trey gave a sad smile. "You know, before I got my powers, I would fantasise about doing what Connor does. And after we first went out, I felt amazing. He even said, I could control the Rage better than he ever did at that point. So, I felt like I was a natural. And then we fought those super-goons at his, and they cut off my hand, and... I think part of me realised just how fucked up this whole thing is."
			"Do you still want it?" pressed Bea.
			Trey paused, deep in thought. "I do. I can help so many people. Improve so many lives. Now the word's out that there's two of us, the other gangs are running scared. Just being like this is having a material impact on the welfare of this city."
			"You know Connor wouldn't judge you if you wanted to stop, though, right?" Bea asked, her voice astute despite her drunkeness.
			"I know. But I don't want to stop. Not while there's people out there who need saving." he smiled.
			"Oh, by the way." Shannon blurted out. "The repair shop's closed down. I've started working for Tommy full-time."
			"Well, half their workers turned out to be superheroes." Trey shrugged, grinning. "Oh, you know what this means?"
			"Hm?" Shannon tilted her head.
			"You get to be our badass, sexy hacker chick." Trey smirked. "You know, unlocking doors and shit."
			"Shut up, Trey." Bea laughed. "She does way more than unlocking doors. Like... I don't know, what do hackers do in movies?"
			Shannon burped. "Oh, sorry." she blushed.
			Trey laughed. "They do that, I guess."
			"I need a wee. You need a wee?" asked Bea.
			"I need a wee." Shannon concurred.
			"Go have a wee." Trey grinned. "I'll be here."

		Valentine's Day, Part 1
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Back in "Les Plumes," Connor and Chloe finished their meals. She had opted for a filet mignon that the waiter had called "exquisite," while he had gone for something more quintessentially 'Connor' - a burger and chips.
			"I still can't believe they sell those here." he grinned.
			"I should've gone for it. Exquisite, my arse." Chloe snarked. At the word 'arse,' a couple at a nearby table gasped slightly. She chuckled.
			"I used to think you'd made me more civilised." Connor grinned. "Now, I see I've just brought you down to my level."
			She laughed heartily.
			"I, uh..." he began awkwardly. "I'm sorry if I've been embarassing here. I'm not sure how to behave in--"
			She cut him off by quickly leaning in and pecking him on the lips. He smiled warmly.
			"Connor..." she began. "No offence, but if I was with you to fit in with snobs, we wouldn't be together."
			"None taken." he grinned.
			She chuckled, then grabbed her bag. "I'm just gonna go do my blood sugar real quick."
			"You can do it here." Connor said gently. "Anyone judges you, they can fu---"
			"I know." she smiled. "It's more that, if I need to do my insulin, I'd have to strip down in front of everyone."
			"Ohhh." Connor nodded, chuckling.
			"Yeah. There's a reason I don't normally wear dresses." she smirked, before heading to the bathrooms.
			Connor leant back into his chair, smiling giddily.

			In a different bathroom - a grimy, graffittied one in the Singing Horse - Shannon and Bea exited their cubicles. Bea looked into a broken, spray-painted mirror to redo her makeup.
			"You think I should ask Tommy to get it fixed?" asked Shannon.
			"Nah, keep it. Adds character." Bea grinned back.
			A group of girls came into the toilets, their swaying heads betraying their drunkeness.
			Shannon nodded at them, as Bea put her makeup kit back in her bag.
			"Oh my god, what the fuck?!" one girl yelped.
			Bea and Shannon quickly looked around, confused.
			"SOMEONE HELP! THERE'S A MAN IN THE LADIES' TOILETS!" she screamed.
			"You fucking *what?!*" Bea snapped, squaring up to her.
			"Bea, it's... it's fine, I'll go." Shannon said softly.
			She deserved better. A world where that hurt more. A world where it was rare enough to sting, rather than deflate.
			"What, are you a perv as well, or something?" the girl snapped back. "SECURITY!"
			Pawel rushed in, looking around. "What's the problem?"
			"The *problem* is, if this bitch doesn't get thrown out, I'm gonna kill her." Bea growled.
			"What she do?" Pawel tilted his head.
			"This *man* is here perving on the ladies!" she shrieked.
			"I wasn't, I..." Shannon meekly protested.
			"I know." Pawel nodded. "Right, you." he pointed at the hysterical girl. "Out."
			"What?! You're letting pervs like him in--"
			"I said..." Pawel began, his voice a low growl. "*OUT!*"
			At this point, Trey had arrived too.
			"You heard the man. Don't make this difficult."
			The girl scoffed, and left, as did half of her friend group. The others simply gave the gang dirty looks as they walked past.
			"I'm gonna go man the door - listen, Shannon - any of these pricks give you trouble, just call me or Tommy, eh?"
			"Thanks, Pawel, I... I appreciate it." she said bravely.
			"Hey, we did time in the big house together!" Pawel grinned. "That makes us family."
			"What about me? I was in jail too." Trey smirked.
			"Yes, but I don't like you." Pawel snarked back, before putting him in a fake headlock, and noogying him.
			"Yeah, we're a fuckin' family, alright." Trey grinned. They shared subdued chuckles, and headed back to their booth.
			"I'm so, so sorry." Bea began.
			"Don't be." Shannon shrugged. "Thanks for sticking up for me, there."
			"Hey, no problem sis." Bea smiled, hugging her.
			Trey approached the table with another tray of shots. His in particular seemed to be *bubbling.*
			"What the *fuck* is that?" Shannon grinned.
			"*That.*" Trey nodded. "Is science. See, Connor and Chloe *say* we can't get drunk... but I reckon it's just a matter of... perseverance."
			The girls laughed, and they necked their shots. Trey necked his, and... well, if his liver could talk, it would be screaming bloody murder at such blatant disrespect of its hard work.
			Thankfully, livers can't talk.

		Valentine's - Part 2
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Chloe returned to the table, and Connor visibly lit up on seeing her.
			"So..." she began. "I know we know practically everything about each other, buuuut..."
			"Oh, Christ." Connor chuckled.
			She grinned. "Let's play a game - we ask each other icebreaker questions."
			Connor nodded. "Alright - you first."
			She thought for a moment, stroking her chin. "What's your middle name?"
			"Oh, uh..." he blushed slightly. "...Sebastian."
			"'Sebastian?!'" she grinned. "Aww, and you guys call *me* posh!"
			Connor chuckled. "What's yours, then?"
			"Penelope." she shrugged.
			"Oh, yeah, that's *way* worse." he grinned cheekily. "'Chloe Penelope Derrington' - half expect it to start with 'her ladyship.'"
			"Hey, I'm *supposed* to be the posh one. You're meant to be the handsome rogue." she winked.
			He laughed, blushing. "Does that count as my icebreaker?"
			"Nah, we'll answer our own ones too." she chuckled. "Go on, then. Make it a good one."

			Connor paused for a good while. "What about me is most attractive?"
			She smiled. "I mean, obviously your personality."
			"Polite way of saying 'ugly fucker.'" Connor chuckled, sipping his drink.
			She laughed, covering her mouth. "No, not at all!" she grinned. "Physically... I really like your eyes. Steel-grey is a rare colour as it is, but the way they... almost stare right into my soul. It's haunting - in a good way."
			Connor smiled warmly, brushing his hair awkwardly. "Good job I grew the other one back, then."
			"I'll say." she grinned. "What about me? What do you find attractive about me? And you can skip 'personality.'"
			Connor chuckled. "Well... everything, really."
			"Boo! Cop-out!" she jeered, trying not to blush.
			"I mean, if I had to pick something... okay, this might sound weird, so please don't take it the wrong way."
			"I won't." she nodded sincerely, taking his hand.
			"Your freckles." he smiled. "They just... they're gorgeous. I could spend hours just looking at them. *Not* - not in a creepy, watching-while-you-sleep way, but..."
			She chuckled, blushing. "Thank you. That's... really, really sweet. Besides, you have cute freckles too."
			"Yeah, but I'm Irish - that's part of our brand." he grinned. "And your eyes are beautiful, too."
			She smiled, and her cheeks went even redder.

			"Hmm..." she thought to herself. "Okay, so... when was the moment you realised you were in love with me?"
			He stroked his chin, thinking hard. "It's a tough one. I'm not sure there was an *exact* moment - I mean, I've *liked* you ever since we first met."
			"Same here." she chuckled, stroking his hand. "I think I started to have serious feelings for you when you saved me from those thugs outside my work."
			"Yeah, I think it's similar for me." he nodded, smiling. "Or a few days after, when you ended up rescuing *me* after the Hughes incident."
			"God, I remember that..." she said, almost nostalgically. "That was when they used Chlorine on you, right?"
			"Yeah, thankfully they've not used that since." Connor chuckled. "Chemical weapons, fire, sonic blasts, electricity - they all seem to work pretty well on me."
			"They work a lot better on the rest of us." she grinned. "Anyway... I think I first *realised* I had feelings for you - that is, beyond just a crush - on Christmas. I'd just had the big blowup with my mum, and Victor, being Victor, made a jab about you. She had a go, saying I shouldn't be with you, and after I'd stormed upstairs, I realised that was what I wanted."
			She smiled, then took a breath to enjoy the moment. "I remember the moment I first said I loved you."
			Connor cocked an eyebrow.
			"I, uh..." she began. "When you were in a coma, after your first fight with the Judge. After I'd managed to patch you up enough to get you regenerating, I let it all out. Cried on your shoulder."
			He stroked her hand gently, giving a sad look. She smiled, and continued.
			"Anyway, I said something to the effect of "You can't do this - you can't make me fall in love with you and then die." And that's when I realised how I felt."
			He smiled softly. "I think it was the Judge for me, too. Nearly dying like that - made me realise how scared I was of leaving you behind."
			She beamed, squeezing his hand. "Okay, your turn."

			He thought for a moment, again. "When did you figure out I was the Werewolf?"
			"How do you mean?" she cocked an eyebrow.
			"When they made me take off my mask." he said. "You kept whispering to yourself: "Don't be Connor, don't be Connor.""
			She shrugged. "I had a hunch. When you'd been in the labs, you... reminded me of yourself. Sure, you hid the voice pretty well, but the way you walk, or move your hands - plus, what with the expressive mask you started wearing - set off my subconscious alarm bells. Then, when we were sparring after, and we practiced the weapon grab - that only reinforced it. Besides, why else would they want you to take off your mask, if not to freak me out?"
			Connor nodded sadly. "I... I know I've already said sorry, but..."
			"It's okay." she smiled. "You've been honest with me ever since. Anyway... I can't really ask you the same question, so... hit me with another!"
			He chuckled softly, then looked down for a moment. "Um... there is something I've been meaning to ask."
			She nodded, wordlessly encouraging him.
			"I, uh... You remember when we first met, and we spoke about... well, my DNA, as it turned out?"
			"Mmhmm." she nodded again.
			"You mentioned how, healing at my rate would mean I'd need telomerase in order to survive."
			"Yeah - I did find that in your hand, when we studied it." she said. "Your body repairs DNA damage almost as soon as it happens."
			"Thing is... does that mean I'm ageless?" he asked timidly.
			"As far as I can tell, yeah. You'll age normally until 25, and then it stops completely. 'Non-senescent' would be the technical term."
			"So..." he said, taking a deep breath. "I know it's way, way too soon in our relationship to be worrying about this, but..."
			"Hey." she cut in, firmly yet softly. "We take things at our own pace, remember? Whether that means we move slowly or quickly."
			He smiled. "I just... does that mean you're gonna grow old while I stay young? Am I... am I gonna watch you..."
			She took his hand, and squeezed. "Well, we don't have to worry about *that* for a long time, yet. And besides, let's be real - the sheer amount of crazy things that your body holds the key to means that most likely, by the time I get that old, there'll be some anti-aging treatments we can use. And even if all else fails... I'm not worried about that. Unless you're saying you'd rather not be with me when I'm old?"
			"No, I'm not saying that." he shook his head rapidly. "Just... it's something I was thinking about the other day. Didn't know how else to bring it up."
			She smiled warmly. "I get it. It's okay... we'll burn that bridge when we get to it."

			Connor chuckled. "Anyway, that's two for me, so..."
			She thought for a while, stroking her chin.
			"When all this stuff with the Optimates is finished... what do you wanna do?"
			He paused, as though he hadn't really thought about it before.
			"Hmm... declare myself king of the world." he quipped. She chuckled.
			"I'm not sure." he admitted. "I'd like to retire, but..."
			"I know you." she smiled warmly. "As long as one person out there needs help, you'll be there to save them."
			He shrugged. "Do I have the right, though? To intervene in human affairs? I mean, going after superhumans makes sense, but..."
			"Regardless of your biology, you're still a *person.*" she countered.
			"I suppose." he nodded. "Besides, even without the Optimates, all anyone needs is a pound of my flesh to start the whole thing back up again."
			"That's also true." she said, squeezing his hands. "At least you'll never be out of a job."
			He chuckled. "Alright, one more question... why biotech?"
			She tilted her head.
			"I mean, what is it about biotechnology specifically that got you wanting to study it?" he clarified.
			She smiled warmly. "I'm not sure, to be honest. I was always interested in sciences, ever since I was little. Biotech's good because it's such a multidisciplinary field. Sure, the focus is on biology, but you also need to learn chemistry, engineering, computing... I mean, on this course alone I've studied virology as often as cybernetics. So, in a way, I still get to study such a variety. That, and..." she blushed.
			"And?" he pressed, smiling.
			"And it can help people. The thought of--of finding a cure for cancer, or HIV - that's what drives me. There's a selfish motive too... I'd like to find a cure for my VS."
			Connor nodded understandingly. "I get that, I really do."
			"It's more frustrating than anything." she shrugged. "It's not even that bad, just... annoying."
			He smiled, and reached out, holding her hands.
			"I've even considered using Super-Serum." she admitted. "I don't know if it would work or not, but... Well, VS is primarily caused by mitochondrial deficiencies, and affects the brain, so God knows how I'd react to your regenerative cells."
			Connor gave a sympathetic look. "Even ignoring things like VS, I... I think it's best we don't use super serum on anybody outside of emergencies."
			"Agreed." she nodded, before chuckling. "Besides, then I'd need to figure out what you guys use for insulin, too."
			"Christ, that'd be even more late hours..." he laughed. "That reminds me. When I sneaked into the labs, you mentioned you were saving up for something?"
			"Oh, that." she blushed. "Well, I... My parents pay for my tuition and lodging, and I was worried they might pull it from me if I kept dating you - back then, just my mum, but I guess my dad now, too. Anyway, I... I wanted to get a savings pot going, so if they did that, I... I'd have something to fall back on, so I could keep seeing you."
			Connor nodded sadly. "That's... you'd choose me over that?"
			"Connor." she grinned widely. "After everything we've been through together over the past month alone, do you *honestly* think I'd say "Sorry, gotta dump you - my parents said so." Hell, even ignoring all that, if my parents told me to stop seeing you, I'd move in with you."
			At the last part, she blushed self-consciously. His chuckle banished her doubts.
			"Honestly, that'd be ideal. Someone needs to pick up Sparky's shits." he quipped.
			She cackled, covering her mouth and laughing deeply. He did too, and they smiled warmly.
			"You fancy pudding?" he asked.
			"Nah." she grinned. "I fancy going back to your place and watching some trash movies, before we fall asleep on your sofa."

			He paid the bill, and they headed to the door.
			They came to a grim realisation.
			It was absolutely *pouring* with rain.
			"Shit." they both muttered, before chuckling.
			"I reckon, we run as fast as we can, we should be okay." he grinned. He unlocked the car from the doorway, and then both sprinted over.
			Connor rushed over to her door, opening it, before hopping into his own. They sat down in the front seats, and laughed heartily together.
			"You didn't have to get my door! Now you're even more soaked!" she cackled.
			"Hey, that leather jacket looks expensive. And unlike me, you can't morph a new one." he grinned.
			She chuckled. "And they say chivalry is dead."
			She turned to face him, and kissed him. They both melted into it.
			She kissed him again. And then again.
			He placed his head below hers, letting her set the pace.
			She crawled over the middle section of the car in a surprisingly elegant way, now sat atop him. He held her gently with his hands on her back, and they continued to kiss.
			Finally, she broke away, and rested her head on his.
			"You okay?" he asked.
			"Yeah." she whispered happily. She took a deep breath, and they held each other until the rain died down.
			"I love you." she said softly.
			"I love you too." he smiled, holding her tight.

		Valentine's - Part 3
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The morning light came in through the curtain blinds. Connor, Chloe, and Sparky were all curled up on the sofa, with the TV still playing.
			The door opened, and Connor's head shot up, before recognising.
			"Hey, Trey."
			"Ugh..." he groaned back, making his way to the kitchen. "I tried getting drunk. Didn't work."
			"How hard did you try?"
			"Well, it involved about half a bottle of bleach, washed down with absinthe." he chuckled. "I got tipsy enough to fuck around, at least."
			"What happened to Bea and Shannon?"
			"They left shortly after..." he began, before facepalming.
			"After..."
			"They sent me pictures." he shuddered. Connor looked at the phone screen, and stifled a laugh.
			"It's not funny!" Trey protested.
			"It is a bit."
			"...okay, yeah a *bit.*"
			"But why a toaster?"
			"Why the roof of a bus stop? Why am I doing the splits? I have questions, too." he grinned, making himself a smoothie.
			"Let's hope you never get drunk. You'll end up using your powers in public." Connor snarked.
			"Ugh... I hate that you're right." Trey chuckled.
			Chloe woke up, and squeezed Connor tightly.
			"Hey, you." he smiled warmly.
			"Hey..." she whispered, nuzzling into his chest.
			"Morning, Chloe." Trey waved.
			"Oh, hey Trey!" she smiled and waved back. She looked at her watch - the one Connor made for her birthday.
			"Oh, bugger." she chuckled. "I've got uni in half an hour."
			"Ah." Connor nodded, morphing on some outdoor clothes. "I'm sure you can turn up in your pajamas."
			"Ugh... the old me, before I met you guys, would've been way too self-conscious to do that." she began. "But... yeah, screw it."

			As the car pulled up outside the university, she pulled him in for a kiss.
			"Thanks again for last night." she smiled. "I love you."
			"I love you too." he beamed.
			"Um... there's something else, by the way." she began cautiously. "I didn't mention it last night, 'cause I didn't wanna ruin the mood, but... I finished autopsying Junior."
			Connor gave a sad look. "Did you find anything useful?"
			"He had an extra 5 chromosomes - and the strange thing is, they're not like yours."
			"Hm?"
			"Well..." she began. "I checked the Giant's ones too, and it's the same thing. It looks like, when producing the more... unusual mutates, your chromosomes get fused. So, for example, on Junior's xeno-chromosome 5, I found genes that typically exist on your xeno-chromosome 12 - namely, the gene for XJK5."
			"Not to be cliche, but can you repeat that in English?" Trey chuckled.
			She grinned. "For some reason, the regerative cells in your bloodstream will modify their own chromosomes when they're working on a human. Streamlining them from the 15 you guys have, by merging them into bigger ones. Presumably, that's to prevent dangerous mutations."
			"This gets weirder and weirder." Connor sighed.
			"What about the Judge? What were his like?" asked Sparky.
			"Good question - the KGB didn't send me anything to test, annoyingly." she shrugged.
			"Ivan told me they burned the body straight away. Given what *I* came back from, it's better safe than sorry."
			"Good point." she nodded. With that, she left.
			Trey and Sparky poked their heads through the midsection of the car.
			"Soooo..." they said in unison.
			"Oh, Christ... it was bad enough with just one." Connor grinned, driving off.
			"Did you sniff her butt?" asked Sparky.
			"No, and for the last time, that's not how humans work." Connor laughed.
			"Did you shart?" Trey winked.
			"We're immune to laxatives now, so if that's what you were going for, it failed."
			The trio laughed.
			"Anyway... where are we going?" Trey asked, tilting his head.
			"What, you thought being hungover would get you out of training?" Connor chuckled. "It's time for a proper challenge."
			Trey groaned, then laughed.

		Morning after
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Chloe's lecture came to an end. She stretched, and grabbed her bag.
			"Oh, Chloe?" Lowenthal called out. "Do you have a minute?"
			She nodded, and sat down at his desk.
			"How are you holding up?" he asked. "I'm sorry about last week - there was a family emergency."
			"Oh, I'm sorry." she gave a sympathetic look.
			"I, um... I imagine you kept yourself busy." he said coyly.
			"How do you mean?" she tilted her head.
			He cleared his throat. "Well... I know that, after what happened in Belson, I imagine the various security agencies were knocking at your door, seeing as you worked in Morland."
			"Oh, right." she nodded. "Um... I'm not sure I'm allowed to speak about it."
			"Of course, of course." he shook his head. "I just wanted to ask - have you heard from your supervisor? Jones, wasn't it?"
			"No, nothing." she shrugged. "Should I have?"
			"Oh, no." he smiled. "Just wondered if you'd heard anything. I've been trying to reach him, so I can get a reference for your grade."
			She nodded. "I'll give him a call, if you like?"
			"That would be brilliant." Lowenthal smiled. "Anyway, I'll let you head off. See you later!"
			"Later, professor!" she beamed, leaving.

			Across the valley, in the industrial town of Wickermast, a warehouse erupted with the noises of battle.
			The Giant soldier launched a haymaker that cracked the air. Trey cartwheeled away from it, before delivering a spinning kick to the torso, only to be caught mid-air and launched into the nearest wall.
			He smacked into it, and struggled to his feet, throwing his guard back up.
			"You know, you're gonna have to hit him properly at some point." Connor called out from the rafters. His tone was almost bored.
			The Giant looked up, shocked. "WHAT?!" its voice boomed. "You're using me for... for a training exercise?!"
			"I can jump down and kill you quicker, if you like." Connor grinned.
			"Can I join in?" Sparky yawned.
			The Giant replied by hurling a crate at the pair. Sticking to the ceiling, they rolled away from its impact, as it tore into the sky.
			Trey charged in, his fist making contact with the Giant's abdomen. As it did, he morphed a blade from his knuckles, cutting into the flesh.
			"Go on!" Connor cheered. "Keep going!"
			"RAAAAGH!" the Giant roared, launching a punch into Trey's head. The young hero was staggered, but he spun around, slicing open the monster's gut.
			"That's it! Now finish him off!" Sparky barked out.
			Trey grinned, as he extended the arm-blade out, and threw his hand upwards. The blade cut through the Giant's head, stabbing into his brain. The beast twitched out, and went still, falling down and squashing Trey.
			His comrades descended to the ground, and hauled the body from their latest packmate. Trey took a deep breath, and rose.
			"You alright?" Connor asked.
			"Y-yeah." he shuddered. "Just... still get the shakes when I kill these fuckers."
			"I know." Connor smiled softly. "I did for ages, too. Still do, sometimes."
			"I'm not having regrets." Trey quickly added. "It's just gonna take some getting used to."
			Connor nodded, pulling him in for a hug. They enjoyed it for a moment.
			"Remember when I bailed from the Horse that one time? The night we met Chloe and Bea in the library." he began.
			"Yeah?" Trey tilted his head.
			"I was ambushed by a Super-Agent. That was my first. First time I *chose* to kill someone. First time it wasn't an accident, or in the Rage. And I didn't have anyone to share that with. But you do. You've got our entire friend group, but you've also got us."
			"We're a pack, now." Sparky agreed. "A people."
			Trey smiled warmly, then looked down at his kill.
			"Can we get some food? Fighting these fuckers works up an appetite."
			"We're gonna go meet up with Bevan - so we'll stop off on the way." Connor smiled. "I'll drive."
			"One day, I'll drive." Sparky mused. The three chuckled, and left.

			It was mid-afternoon, and Phil and Vince were relaxing in the Horse. It was nearly empty, so they could speak freely. Tommy had not long finished his paperwork that morning, and had joined them.
			"So..." Phil began. "How do you do it?"
			"Do what?" asked Vince.
			"Cope with... with your boy's life?"
			Vince sighed. "They're both capable young men. And they don't have a choice - these bastards did this to them, and they need to hit them back."
			"Too right." Tommy agreed. "They've gotta fight, or those nazi pigs'll keep coming."
			"I just..." Phil looked down. "I'm terrified, mate. Terrified that one day, Connor's gonna show up at my door, and say Trey didn't make it. Or vice versa."
			"I know." Vince nodded grimly, sipping his coffee. "The thought of... losing him again, it..."
			"I made a promise to Kerry." said Phil. "I swore to her, at her grave, that I'd always keep our baby boy safe. And now I can't. I mean, shit, if he *wasn't* like this, he'd be dead from those gunmen."
			"Fuckin' Patriots..." Vince muttered. "Phil... I know it's cold comfort, but they're tough kids. You know, Connor got his heart and lungs punched out, and still came back. I'm not kidding when I say, it's safer them fighting these monsters than it is us fighting normal fellas."
			"Same with the Hughes shit." Tommy nodded. "He breathed in a tanker of Chlorine, and it just made him madder."
			Phil took a deep breath. Then, the boys came in.
			"Hey, oldies." Trey grinned. Phil shot up and embraced him.
			"Whoa, hey." Trey smiled, hugging his father back. "Missed you too."
			"How was it?" Vince asked, giving Connor a fatherly pat of the back.
			"Not bad. We're just passing through - we've gotta go meet with Bevan - the MI5 fella." Connor explained. "That probably means we're getting sent on a mission; so, Tommy - any more problems with the Patriots?"
			"Nothing." Tommy shook his head. "The Grins and us have basically nudged them out of business, and your team has taken out all their top earners. After the riots last week, I think they're mostly done - touch wood."
			"Good." Vince nodded. "One less problem, at least."
			"That's that, then." Connor smiled. "Well, no rest for the wicked."
			The men smiled sadly, as the boys bade them farewell.
			Once the Werewolves were gone, Vince sighed.
			"I've been out of jail for a week now... and I still barely see him." he lamented.
			"He's busy, Vince." Tommy said softly. "He's a grown man now. I think you should be proud."
			Vince smiled, sipping his drink.
			"I'll get another round." Phil chuckled, rising.

		Training
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The sun was starting to set now, and Chloe and Bea descended the steps of the university halls, heading towards the bus stop.
			"Ugh, I'm so glad the module's nearly over." Bea grinned.
			"I'm not. I'm so far behind on my coursework, it's... worrying." Chloe shuddered. "I think I'm gonna need to spend some more late nights in the library."
			"No more drunken antics?" Bea asked, pouting.
			"Ideally, no more all-nighters in a sketchy lab." Chloe grinned.
			Once they descended, they noticed a black cab parked on the street. Phil sat in, and rolled down his window.
			"Chloe, love?" he began. "Just had a call. Major Bevan wants you back at Riverside."
			"Figures." she sighed, giving Bea a hug before hopping in.
			As the cab drove off, Chloe piped up.
			"Did they say what they need me for?" she asked.
			"Not to me." Phil shrugged. "They asked I pick you up, though - I think they'd rather it be me than some MI5 spooks."
			After a short trip, they pulled up outside. She thanked him, and headed into the labs.

			"I don't know how many times I need to repeat myself." Connor said, his voice raised slightly. "NO ONE GETS THE FUCKING SERUM!"
			"I know, tovarishch. I know." Ivan nodded, rubbing his temples. "I decked Morozov as soon as I learned about the breakout."
			"What's going on?" asked Chloe.
			Connor turned to Bevan, his pupils constricting. "No way. We're not risking her life, too."
			"Risk my life?" she tilted her head.
			"Good evening, Miss Derrington." Bevan sighed. "As you can see, the conversation has become very... animated."
			"It's the Judge." Connor said. "He's back."
			"What?! How?!"
			"The KGB." he replied, shooting Ivan a filthy look.
			"I'm sorry, bratan. I truly am." Ivan shook his head, almost ashamed. He looked up to face Chloe.
			"We kept his body. Reanimated it, and kept the head in a jar. The plan was we would bring his brain back, so we could interrogate him. As for the body... we were using it to harvest super-serum."
			"Oh my god..." Chloe gasped. "If he's anything like Connor and Trey, he'd've had neural growths in the torso."
			"Da." Ivan nodded grimly.
			"And now, the Judge is loose in Karelia." Bevan cut in. "So, we need to put him down - this time, for good."
			"And you need me to synthesise more endorphins?" Chloe asked.
			"That's all we need her for. *Nothing* more." Connor said firmly.
			"Miss Derrington..." Bevan began, cautiously. "Last time the team fought against the Judge, they ended up needing your medical attention. That's one thing in Drackhill - a whole other if they're out in Karelia."
			"We are not bringing her there. If this goes wrong, where do you think he's gonna hit next?!" Connor snapped.
			"Hey." she said firmly, putting her hand on his shoulder. "I can speak for myself."
			"Sorry..." he looked away. "I just... Chloe, the Judge is a monster. If you're there, if you're in his crosshairs... He'll come to the lab, he'll--"
			"He's gotta be stopped." she cut in. "You guys - you can stop him by fighting him. And *I* can help."
			"You have my word, she will be safe." Bevan vowed. "She'll remain in the KGB field labs while your team tracks the monster down."
			She turned to Bevan. "When do we leave?"
			"Ideally, now." he nodded. "The Kestrel - our new VTOL - is outside, ready to go. Trey and Sparky are waiting there."
			Chloe moved her hand down, squeezing Connor's. "I'll be okay." she whispered. "Let's do this."
			They rose, only for Amy to rush in.
			"Hey! Why's the chopper outside?" she panted.
			"The Judge. He's back." Connor growled.
			"Fuck..." Amy gasped. "Alright, I'll help--"
			"No." he shook his head. "I need you here."
			"Are you fucking kidding me?! I proved myself last--"
			"Amy." he said softly. "I'm not leaving the city unattended. I can't go unless it's in safe hands."
			She paused, and looked up. "I... Okay. You can trust me."
			"Thank you..." he whispered. "We'll be back soon, Stunlocke."
			She smiled sadly, watching as they all left for the chopper.
			"Yeah... see you later, Vanguard." she whispered.

		Heading to Karelia

	Valentine's
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The Kestrel finished its rip through the skies, touching down atop the KGB field labs of Karelia. Its wings twisted, spinning the craft in a circle, before its landing legs popped out, and the engines powered down.
			The gang stepped down, out of the passenger section. There, they were greeted by Morozov - flanked by two Giants.
			Connor immediately assumed a fighting stance.
			"Connor, wait!" Ivan barked. "They're friendlies."
			He hesitated, then looked the Giants in the eyes.
			"Who were you? What happened to you?"
			"They chose this, Mr. Barrett." Morozov replied. "Critically wounded in defence of the Motherland. And reborn, to serve once more."
			"You." Connor growled. "You're the bastard who kept the Judge alive."
			"Connor." Chloe cut in, putting her hand on his shoulder. "Let's save this for later, yeah?"
			Connor hesitated, but nodded. The snowfall began to pick up.
			He turned back to the helipad. The Kestrel's pilot hopped out, and he and Bevan began arranging its refuelling.
			Connor nodded, and the group headed inside, as the snowfall began to pick up.

			Chloe made herself comfortable in the laboratories, going over the research the KGB had conducted on the Judge.
			Connor, Trey, and Sparky sat down outside, letting the cold air fill their lungs. Sparky laid down, his head hurting from the travel. Ivan approached.
			"Hell of a craft, isn't she?" he began. "Drackhill to Karelia in just over an hour."
			"Flying in that thing was torture." Trey sighed. "Super-senses don't mesh well with going faster than sound. Not to mention the pigeon-sense."
			"Pigeon... sense?" Ivan tilted his head.
			"Yeah, you know? We can sense electromagnetic fields - and part of that means sensing our own location." Trey shrugged. He looked over at Connor.
			"You're awfully quiet. It's normally you who explains this shit."
			"I'm watching my words around the KGB." he muttered.
			"Tovarishch, I swear..." Ivan began, but Connor cut in.
			"Don't call me that. Comrades don't lie to each other like this. Comrades don't keep monsters like the Judge alive."
			"I'm sorry. It wasn't my call." Ivan begged. "I told them this was a bad idea."
			"I went after Murillo because he was using serum. I threatened the FBI because they *thought* about using it. Do I need to start thinking about the KGB?"
			"We're fighting a war, Connor. We need all the power we can--"
			"I trusted you, Ivan. I trusted you, and you let me down!"
			Ivan looked away, ashamed.
			Connor sighed. "What is this place, exactly?"
			"Officially, it's a decomissioning site for chemical weapons seized from rebel forces." Ivan began. "Unoffically, it's where we experiment on superhumans."
			"It reminds me of where I grew up." Sparky noted. "Are there any animals here?"
			Ivan shook his head.
			"No, chuvak. I promise, we're not doing anything like what happened to you."
			"You promised the Judge was dead, too." Sparky replied, his top lip curling.
			Before Connor could gleefully relay the accusation, Bevan walked over. "I hope the KGB has learned their lesson."
			"Yes, sir." Ivan nodded. "You can tell your people this won't happen again."
			"Good." Bevan sighed. "Anyway... Miss Derrington has just finished catching up on your research notes. Thank God she's fluent in Russian."
			"Is that why you lot never sent them over?" Connor hissed. "So you could keep this all to yourselves?"
			"One thing at a time, Mr. Barrett." Bevan shook his head. "Briefing room, now."

			Assembling in the briefing room, the Werewolves, Ivan, Bevan, and a squad of Giants took their positions, while Chloe and Morozov stood in front of them.
			"Okay, so, I've finished skimming the reports on the Judge." she began. "I confirmed they're of a similar type of mutant to the Werewolves. They have 15 additional, non-paired chromosomes, which match perfectly onto yours."
			"So why'd he look so different?" asked Ivan.
			"That's the thing... their paired chromosomes." she shuddered. "17 pairs. Humans have 23, wolves have 39, rats have 21. The 17 have no analogue to any known species on Earth. We've only been calling them 'he' out of convenience - I have no idea based on the genetics whether they're male or female. The autopsies done by the KGB didn't look into gametes or genetalia, but... that's not important, anyway."
			"So... the Judge is an alien?" Trey gasped.
			"I... It's looking that way, yeah." she hesitantly nodded. "Presumably, whatever was done to you three in-utero was done to them, too."
			"He--they--definitely spoke like they were from another planet." Connor noted. "Kept calling me 'heretic' and 'youngblood' - mentioned 'the Lord.' Must be their religion."
			"Confirms our suspicions - our mutations aren't from Earth." Trey sighed. "One existential crisis at a time."
			"Boo hoo, we're not human. Humans aren't that great." Sparky quipped. The boys chuckled, allowing the moment.
			"Anatomy? Physiology?" asked Bevan.
			"Similar enough to the team." she nodded. "I can't tell how much is normal for their species, versus how much is caused by the Werewolf mutations - but the Judge has two hearts, and a pretty standard humanoid body plan. Neural growths in the torso means they can survive decapitation, though without a brain, they'll be incapacitated. Destroying the head should kill them permanently - then it's just a matter of the body."
			"How about location?" Trey cocked an eyebrow. "We're fighting in the snow?"
			"We have tracked the Judge to this location here." Morozov answered, pointing to a map. "We don't have an exact location, but we know it'll have a vendetta. As it escaped, it made reference to 'a divine reckoning.'"
			"So, we head to the area, and wait for them to come, right?" Connor tilted his head.
			"Exactly." Morozov nodded, before turning to the Giants. "[Egorov, Kinnunen - you will attend. The rest of you will remain on guard here.]"
			"The target location is a small valley - there's an outcrop that overlooks it." Ivan began.
			"You should stay here." Connor cut in. "I can *hear* the way your back creaks when you walk. You're still messed up from Belson."
			Chloe looked at him, giving him a soft smile. Despite the tension, he was still Connor - and he still cared for his comrades.
			"Good thing I'll be lying down with Isabella then." Ivan shrugged. "I'll be fine."
			"Major Bevan - any chance that craft outside could help?" asked Morozov.
			"The Kestrel's a transport craft - her guns are rather lackluster, I'm afraid." Bevan shrugged. "Besides, she's refuelling - she won't be ready for at least an hour."
			Chloe piped up. "I've synthesised these syringes." she said, revealing them. "Red ones are paradrenaline, blue ones are endorphins. Use the red ones to trigger a Rage if you need the boost - but be careful. You overdo it, you'll burn yourself out. Don't let it be a fight of attrition if you're using them."
			"As for the endorphins, they worked a treat on the Judge the last time." Connor added, now turning to face the others. "They can cancel out a Rage, for starters. An overdose might even put them into a coma."
			"But that involves getting close enough to deliver the syringe - and the Judge'll be wise to that trick by now." Chloe added.
			Connor morphed up his costume. "Remember. The Judge is not an easy target. They're a highly experienced, superhumanly-strong killing machine. After reviving, they're most likely even stronger than they were last time, too. That means we can't hesitate, we can't hold back. With five of us in the melee and sniper cover, it's gonna be pure chaos - so make sure you're only hitting the enemy. But above all - don't ever fight like you're not one step away from death. Because you are."
			With that, the group stood. Chloe pulled Connor to the side, as the rest filtered out.
			"I'm so sorry about this..." Connor began.
			"Don't. I chose to come here, and I wanna help." she replied, before hugging him tightly.
			"I love you." he whispered.
			"I love you too..." she said, tears in her eyes.
			They kissed, and rested their heads on each other.
			"Come back, okay?"
			"I will." he vowed.

			The Commandant stepped out of his passenger plane, and took a deep breath through the nose. He grinned, flexing his arms.
			"This'll be good..." he growled.

			Across the valley, the Judge sat in a small, makeshift den, meditating.
			"Retribution." they whispered. "Vengeance."
			They carved a sigil into the ground.
			"Malai-akhun." they said, like a vow. "Nezh-dakh palantis, virian Horax."
			The sigil glowed faintly, before fading.
			"Keyah kashal?" they asked, almost begging.
			The sigil didn't respond. The Judge sighed, and rose.

		Arriving in Karelia
		______________________________
		SCENE
			The sun was rising now in Karelia, glancing and glistening off of the snowfall. The three Werewolves and their Giant attendees had taken positions in the base of the valley, while Ivan had set up a sniper's nest overlooking them.
			To begin, Connor let out a low call - a vibration from his throat, similar to their echolocation skills.
			Trey joined in, and then Sparky did, too - a haunting alien chorus filling the air.
			A figure appeared on the rim of the valley, that then slid itself down the slope into the base. It rose to its feet, and looked up.
			"Hello, boys." the Commandant grinned.
			"YOU!" Connor screamed, morphing his armour.
			"BASTARD!" Sparky roared.
			"Who the fuck is that?" asked Trey, morphing up likewise.
			"You can call me 'Commandant.'"
			"Chyort!" Ivan gasped, before switching Isabella to semi-auto, and firing wildly.
			Immediately, the Giants rushed in, preparing their haymakers. The Commandant replied by delivering a jab to the gut that disembowled one, before effortlessly pulling the head off of the other. Ivan's exploding bullets detonated on his skin, leaving... bruises. Nothing more than bruises.
			The boys morphed their claws, and dug their heels into the snow.
			"What is this guy?!" Trey asked frantically.
			"The leader of Paladin." Connor growled. "What are you doing here?"
			"That'd be telling." the Commandant laughed, standing up straight. "Listen, Connor. I'm gonna offer this once. Surrender, and come with me. Or I'll kill you and your friends, and then I'll head to that little KGB lab, find that lovely Chloe of yours, and--"
			Before he could finish, Connor roared and charged in, landing his strongest hit. It knocked the Commandant back a pace.
			"Insolent wretch..." the Commandant snarled, before sending a punch in response.
			Connor threw up an armoured guard, while Trey and Sparky launched themselves overhead. Trey kicked downwards, pushing his boot across the Commandant's face. Meanwhile, Sparky locked his jaw down on the Commandant's wrist, while clawing at the chest.
			The Commandant's clothes tore, and he was marked and bruised.
			Not bloodied. Not cut.
			He slammed Sparky onto the ground, while Connor sent a bladed fist into the gut. The blade bent, but finally broke the skin. Nothing past the skin - just the skin.
			Roaring, the Commandant brought a hammer strike down on Connor's head, before a spinning backhand sent Trey flying sideways. He knelt down, catching his breath, while the boys scrambled to their feet.
			Connor looked down at his comrades. He looked up at Ivan, who was desperately firing useless volleys. His mind turned to everything he held dear, and he gripped his friends tightly, pressing his mind into theirs.
			Three became one. Their eyes all snapped open, glowing blood-red.
			And then, they charged again.

			"Sokolov, confirm - this is the Commandant?" Bevan asked.
			"CONFIRM! COMMANDANT PRESENT!" Ivan barked back, his rifle providing a hum of blasts.
			"Shit..." Bevan muttered.
			"There is something." Morozov began cautiously. "A not-so-nuclear option."
			"What do you mean?" Bevan tilted his head.
			"I have your word, this will not leave us?"
			Bevan sighed. "Show me."
			Morozov summoned Chloe, and led both to another wing of the facility. Yellow barrels filled this room.
			"Nerve gas. Chlorine. Sedatives. Irritants. Blood toxins. Cyanide."
			"Chemical weapons?!" Bevan gasped.
			"Unconventional weapons for unconventional warfare." Morozov replied. "Mostly seized from Chechnya. That's our cover."
			"You want to gas them? That'll kill our operatives, too!" Bevan said, disgusted.
			Chloe stroked her chin. "Bevan's right. At best, it'll incapacitate them, while the Commandant - still fighting-fit - can either finish them off, or escape."
			"But if they manage to wound him?" Morozov pressed.
			Chloe pulled at her hair. "I don't know. Such a high concentration, such a varied mixture..."

			The snow had started to turn red, as fresh blood splattered across it.
			The Commandant had several scratches across his body now. Nothing serious, but he *was* hurt.
			Meanwhile, the boys were on the edge. Their mind-merge had allowed them to coordinate their attacks, but the Commandant was simply too strong.
			Connor and Trey sprinted ahead, allowing themselves to be punched in order to catch the Commandant's arms. Then, Sparky dived in, sinking his teeth into the Commandant's clavicle.
			The Commandant roared in fury, as Sparky pulled out a chunk of meat. He replied by headbutting the wolf hard enough to knock him into the ground, leaving a small crater in the snow.
			"Oh, Six." the Commandant chuckled. "What a shame."
			Connor turned, delivering a stab to the hamstring. Trey morphed up a crossbow on his wrist, and used the momentum of a punch to increase the impact force - burying the bolt in the Commandant's abdomen.
			It would've been too much. Even Junior wouldn't've taken that well.
			The Commandant simply grabbed both boys, and slammed their heads together with enough force to blow away the snow around them. Then, he jabbed both in their throats. They collapsed, and reached out for each other.
			The three Werewolves were nearly beaten, while the Commandant of Paladin stood menacingly.
			"Last chance, Connor!" he roared. "Join, or die!"
			Connor forced himself to his feet. "Never." he spat.

			The Commandant stopped fighting for a second, and growled. "Why won't you just GIVE IN?!" he screamed.
			"BECAUSE I DON'T WANT TO!" Connor barked, charging in. The Commandant grabbed him by the throat, and raised him up.
			"Everything that happens after this... it's all *your* fault." he snarled. "Remember that, while you rot in hell."
			Connor raised his fist, morphing his own crossbow. He shot the Commandant straight in the eye.
			"AAARGH!" the Commandant roared, throwing him to the ground. He ripped the bolt out, and... spotted a blue syringe attached to it.
			"You think that'll work, traitor?" the Commandant spat. "You think I can't kill you?"
			A bullet from Ivan - one of his last - slammed into the Commandant's head, hitting him on the temple. The explosion snapped his head sideways, and he staggered slightly - like a human might after a light whack to the head. Nothing more than that.
			"See..." he grinned. "Still got it."
			Connor snarled, his claws growing sharper. His eyes flared once more, and he let something wash over him.
			A thing he'd suppressed.
			Pain.
			Hatred.
			Vengeance.
			He charged in. His fist made contact with the Commandant's, and both felt their knuckles crack.
			"YOU TORTURED ME!" Connor roared, delivering a second blow. "YOU CUT ME!"
			"I MADE YOU STRONG, BOY!" the Commandant barked back, throwing Connor into a rock.
			Connor cracked his head against the stone, but rose anyway.
			"I WAS A *HUMAN!*" he screamed, pouncing into the air and slashing wildly. "I WAS A HUMAN BOY, AND YOU *STOLE THAT FROM ME!* AND THEN YOU *LEFT* ME! BEATEN! BROKEN! *BLEEDING!* YOU TURNED ME INTO A *FUCKING _MONSTER!_*"
			The Commandant's flesh tore under Connor's assault, while Sparky and Trey forced themselves to rise. The hate - the pain that Connor felt - flashed through their skulls too.
			The Commandant was hurt, sure - but he had more than enough left. He slammed his boot into Connor's head, before picking him up and slamming him down against his knee. The crunching sound of his back filled the air, before he tossed the limp, bleeding berserker towards his friends.
			"ABOMINATION!" a voice boomed from the edge of the valley.
			The fighters looked up, and saw it.
			The Judge.
			"Oh, hey buddy." the Commandant grinned. "Seems I've had all the fun, I'm afraid."
			"Oh, the fun has only just begun." the Judge smiled, sliding down.
			"Connor's mine. You can have his friends." the Commandant snarled. "I'm killing him."
			The Judge approached the pile of broken Werewolves, then turned to the Commandant.
			"If you want to kill them..." they growled, drawing their blades, "Then you'll have to go through *me.*"

		Battle of Karelia - Part 1
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"I always knew I couldn't trust you, alien." the Commandant growled. "You and our boss."
			"Likewise, abomination." the Judge snarled back. The two monsters circled each other, like beasts fighting over a kill.
			Connor rose, readying his claws.
			"Down, youngblood." the Judge barked. "This one's head belongs to me."
			"Lucky you, boy." the Commandant hissed. "Take a break while I kill the freak."
			The Judge was done playing. They rushed in, their blade clashing against the Commandant's skin.
			Every cut on the Commandant's body had been delivered by the boys sending their hardest strikes, their strongest slashes.
			This was an opening slice, and red droplets splashed onto the snow.
			The Commandant replied by sending a punch into the Judge's gut. A punch so hard, it shook the air and sent them an inch upwards. Undeterred, the Judge spun in a whirlwind motion, tearing flesh from the Commandant's hide. The two fiends were locked in a fight to the bitter end.

			"Tsentral'nyy, eto Sokolov." Ivan whispered into the radio.
			"Sokolov, this is Bevan. What's your sitrep?"
			"The Judge has arrived... and it's fighting the Commandant."
			A pause.
			"How about our team?" Bevan finally asked.
			"Wounded. Clinging on." Ivan replied. "I'm almost out of ammo."
			"Ivan - save your shots." Chloe cut in. "I've got a plan, and it needs your bullets."
			"Derrington is right." Morozov agreed. "Maintain obs, but do not engage. Keep us in the loop on the fight."
			"Prinyal." Ivan nodded, observing the battle from his scope.

			"DIE, ABOMINATION!" the Judge screamed. Their swords were shattered now - replaced with morphed claws. The Commandant had likewise opted for wrist-blades. Each monster took out chunks of the other.
			The Commandant sent a stab-punch to the Judge's chest, puncturing into their right lung. The Judge, unbothered, struck out at the Commandant's neck, aiming for the jugular.
			Blood sprayed out from both, as they fell backwards, clutching and closing their wounds.
			"I'm gonna kill you, alien filth." the Commandant spat. "There'll be no room for your kind in my new world."
			"I should've realised it sooner." the Judge hissed back. "I should've noticed the lies of the False Lord when he made the likes of *you.*"
			The two charged forward, and slashed. The air stood still for a moment, as both tore past the other. After a second that felt like an hour, a disgusting slipping noise emanated from both.
			The Commandant's hand fell off. As did the Judge's top half.

			"Chloe, I must protest." Bevan pressed, rushing after her.
			"No offence, Major, but you'll need two hands for this." she shook her head, zipping up an NBC suit.
			"None taken. But we have the Giants!" he begged.
			"There's no NBC suits for them. They won't fit in the Kestrel. And we need them here, in case things go sour, to hold off the Commandant while you evacuate." she replied clinically, boarding the VTOL.
			"Ready to deploy?" the pilot asked, seating in the cockpit.
			"Almost." Chloe nodded, strapping herself in. A pair of Giants rushed over, carrying barrels which they loaded into the craft.
			"Chloe..." Bevan began.
			"Major, the man I love is out there. As are two of my best friends. And they could all die if I don't do this." she cut in.
			Bevan sighed deeply. "Be careful."

			The Commandant howled in rage and pain, gripping his arm-stump. His eyes flashed a bright red, the fury cutting through the xeno-endorphins.
			At this, the three Werewolves rose. Catching their breaths, they injected each other with Paradrenaline, and charged to meet the monster.
			The force of their impact shook the snow in the valley, echoing out into the forests above.
			But it just wasn't enough.
			Trey gladly broke his fists against the Commandant's hide, his pain fading as he felt flesh rip around his shattered knuckles. Sparky tore out chunks of meat with such ferocity, his own teeth came loose. Connor drove his claws deep into the Commandant's thigh, hitting an artery and being showered in blood.
			The Commandant didn't break.
			First, he grabbed Trey, and wrapped his hand around the man's neck. Squeezing and shaking, he felt the windpipe crush, before the neck-bones made a sickening snap. Trey's limp body fell down, his face contorting and his teeth gnashing - trying, in vain, to get back up and kill.
			Sparky was the next victim. The Commandant's hand plunged into Sparky's bleeding mouth, and ripped out his tongue. Then, a wristblade shot out, popping out of Sparky's throat. The wolf fell to the ground, hot blood pouring out.
			Finally, he turned his attention to Connor. Slamming him to the ground, he drove his boot into his face.

			The first stomp was almost merciful. By rocking Connor's brain against his skull walls, he lost a little bit of consciousness.
			That made the next hurt a tiny bit less, as his jaw snapped in two.
			Then another stomp. And another. And another. Before long, Connor's entire lower face was a puddle of red mush and bone fragments. His glowing red eyes stared up, ever defiant.
			The Commandant knelt down, and sighed.
			"Such a waste." he spat, before rising his boot up.
			Blood shot out from Connor's lower face - as his lungs desperately tried to make the noise "Fuck you."
			"What was that?" the Commandant gloated. "I can't hear you."
			And then, a noise boomed from the sky. The Kestrel hovered over the reddened valley.
			The Commandant looked up, and chuckled. "Oh no, not a VTOL! However shall I cope?"
			The doors opened, and Chloe pushed down the barrels. The Commandant punched one before it could hit him, and... he screamed.
			A horrific yellowish gas filled his lungs, while clear liquid burned into his skin. More barrels rained down.
			Ivan looked on, and grinned. "Umnaya devochka."
			He fired Isabella at the barrels, and the exploding bullets ripped them open, spewing out their contents into the valley.
			The blood-soaked snowpit became a yellow, misty crater, and the Commandant hacked and spat bile. He stumbled, and fell to his knees.
			His eyes flashed red, he roared, and sprinted off with superhuman speed, uprooting trees as he pushed into the forest.
			"GO! GO! GO!" Chloe barked, as the Kestrel touched down into the valley. She hopped out, as Connor went deathly still.
			"Come on... Come on..." she begged, hoisting him into the craft. She ran over, and did the same for Sparky and Trey.
			Then, she looked down.
			The Judge passed out from the gas and blood loss, but their face was still contorted in hate. The Commandant's severed hand was a pace away.
			She hesitated, but hauled their top half into the craft, and dosed them with xeno-endorphins, ensuring they stayed unconscious. She threw the hand in, and pulled the door shut. The Kestrel tore off into the sky, while Ivan rose up, and began the slow walk back to the labs.

		Battle of Karelia - Part 2
		______________________________
		SCENE
			Connor woke from his healing coma, launching a globule of blood and bile from his face. He snapped up, and looked around frantically. Immediately, he spotted his friends, and relaxed.
			"You're okay, you're okay." Chloe rushed over.
			Trey came too. He had morphed a neck-brace, and was still in his costume - minus the mask. Sparky dragged himself over, his mouth still toothless and torn.
			Connor tried to speak, but only made a hissing, rasping noise. He touched his mouth, and... no he didn't. There was no mouth.
			Chloe grabbed a glass, and handed it over. Connor looked at his reflection.
			Calling it a 'face' was incredibly generous. Everything from the nose down had been smashed into an unrecognisable mush. Cracks and bruises adorned the top half of his head. Fresh bone-pulp was forming around the edges of his head, developing into embryonic jawbones.
			He grabbed his packmates' shoulders, and closed his eyes, pressing his mind into them.
			"Where are we?" he thought.
			"Back in that KGB lab." Trey explained. "That 'Commandant' bloke managed to escape, but we're alive at least."
			"I only just woke up, too." Sparky thought. "That monster hurt our mouths really badly."
			"How are you doing?" Connor asked Trey.
			"I'm fine. Chloe re-set my neck. Still feel like shit, but nowhere near as bad as you guys."
			Connor thought for a moment, and morphed. The black tar poured out of his skin and formed around his 'face,' forming a prosthetic jaw.
			"Nice." Trey grinned. "Don't think she'll be kissing you for a little while, though."
			Chloe chuckled, and wrapped her arms around him. He smiled warmly, resting his head against hers.
			"That thing was..." she began, lost for words.
			"He could've killed Junior in five minutes flat." Connor grimaced. His words were slurred from the crudeness of his jaw.
			"No kidding. The three of us, *plus* the Judge?" Trey shuddered.
			"I hate him. I wish I could hate him to death!" Sparky barked.
			"I got his hand." Chloe nodded. "I'll take a look as soon as we get back to Drackhill."
			"Did we kill him?" asked Connor.
			Chloe sighed, and squeezed him tightly. "I'm so sorry... I thought the gas would at least incapacitate him. He escaped."
			"Don't be sorry, you did the right thing." Connor said trying and failing to animate a smile. "You saved our lives. What happened to the Judge?"
			"They're downstairs." Sparky answered. "Locked up, with more of that stinky gas ready to go if they try anything."
			Connor chuckled, and stood. His whole body ached, but he didn't care.
			"I wanna see them." he said, his words slurred.
			"Why?" asked Sparky.
			"The Judge wants the Commandant dead, same as us. And they want it for a reason. I wanna know why. And to do that... I'm gonna have to ask them."
			The group headed downwards, into the facility.

			Chloe cautiously approached the blast-proof screen. Behind it, the Judge - or rather, their top half - was reclined on a hospital bed. Barrels of toxic gas surrounded them, with remote-detonated charges fixed to the bases, ready to coat the room in chlorine should the Judge opt for a repeat incident. Stubby little legs poked out from their abdomen.
			She leaned into the microphone.
			"Can you hear me?" she asked.
			"Leave me, human." they replied. "Let me rest."
			"I want some answers, first." she said coldly. "I bet you're hungry, right? Regrowing your entire bottom half... Maybe you answer my questions, and I get you some food."
			"Maybe I let myself starve, and you get no answer at all." the Judge grinned.
			"Why'd you save the others? Why did you attack the Commandant?" she asked.
			Silence.
			"Okay, have it your way." she sighed. "I just got the vibe that you were some honourable warrior."
			"Do not *dare* question my honour, human." the Judge snapped.
			"Oh." Chloe chuckled. "Did I hit a nerve?"
			The Judge's lip curled, and they shuffled to sit up on their waist.
			"I attacked the Abomination, because I want it to die." they finally said. "The life or death of the youngbloods was of no consequence to me."
			"Then why didn't you wait until they'd died? They could've hurt him more. You could've had a better chance at killing him."
			"I will not explain myself to a human. I will not debase my thoughts by speaking them in your tongues." they snarled.
			"Fine. Tell me about yourself, then." she shrugged. "What's your name?"
			"I am the Judge. 'Kakhral' in my tongue. Supreme Ashkat-Narud of the 12th Legion. Vanquisher of the Daelach Heresy. Conqueror of Zaklat V. A thousand Thraxi died screaming but some of these titles - I can go on."
			"Kakhral. Is that your name, then?" Chloe asked, thoroughly unimpressed.
			"It is my purpose."
			"Your people don't have names?"
			The Judge paused. "My... my people have no need of them."
			"Why not?"
			"We are soldiers." they finally answered. "Tools. Weapons. Bullets, even. Giving us a name is as logical as giving your gun a name."
			"Shh, it's okay. Don't cry." Ivan whispered to Isabella, grinning as he stroked the rifle. Chloe stifled a chuckle.
			"Do you have a name?" the Judge asked.
			"My name is Chloe. Chloe Derrington." she replied.
			"Ah. You killed me." they nodded.
			"I just cooked up the endorphins." she shrugged.
			"Indeed you did, Chloe-Chloederrington."
			"That's--" she began, before stopping herself.
			"Nekh-shar, morai. Thrax-shar, xel." they said, like a quote.
			"Can you translate that, please?" she asked.
			"In faith, strength. In heresy, weakness." Trey cut in. "I... I don't know why I know that."
			"Ah, youngbloods." the Judge smiled. "And you - the freshest of the pack."
			"What did you mean by that?" asked Chloe.
			"That was what the Uunadari told us. But it was not heresy that made me weak - it was the venom you cut into my hide. A lie."
			"Uunadari?" Trey tilted his head. "I can't get an exact translation. Preachers?"
			"I got 'Prophets.'" Connor shrugged.
			"Yes..." the Judge growled. "But now, I see they were liars. The poisons of Chloe-Chloederrington is but one proof. Your blade liberated more than my head from my shoulders - mine eyes have been opened."
			"Why are you on Earth?" Chloe cut in.
			"I was sent here by the Uunadari to await the arrival of the Great One. And I thought I had found them."
			"Who did you think you found?"
			"The Lord." the Judge nodded. "I swore my fealty to them."
			"Who's the Lord?" Chloe pressed.
			"They are the Lord." the Judge shrugged. "They never saw fit to tell me more."
			Connor timidly approached the screen, looking the Judge in the eyes.
			"Where did you come from?"
			"From the stars, youngblood." the Judge smiled, almost warmly.
			"Tell me about your people. Please."
			The Judge sighed. "I have no people. I am a Golgothan - we are vat-grown from genetic templates."
			"Clones?" Chloe tilted her head. "You're clones?"
			"Yes. We are produced by the Makers for war."
			"Makers?" Trey pressed. "Someone made us?"
			"Not *you,* youngblood. My Makers were a different being. The Golgothan Legions were created by the Conclave - uplifted from base animals into warriors."
			The Judge closed their eyes for a moment, letting nostalgia wash over them.
			"My earliest memories are of being deployed to quash the rebellions of Zaklat V. Its people had betrayed the Empire, and so my Legion descended upon them, and sent their soldiers' souls to the King of Graves."
			"Empire?" Trey cocked an eyebrow. "Is that why you're here on Earth? To conquer us?"
			"I came here in sacred duty." the Judge shook their head. "The Empire lies far away, beyond the Veil. Your world is safe from us as long as it stands."
			"The Veil?" Chloe asked.
			"A barrier of dark energy that makes reliable travel impossible." they explained clinically. "The Uunadari believed that beyond it lies an avatar of the Great One."
			"So, you're not just a soldier. You're special forces. On a solo mission." Ivan noted. "Are all your people like you?"
			"How observant, halfbreed." the Judge grinned. "No. The Golgothans are the greatest army in the galaxy. But we - myself and the youngbloods - are more than our host races. We are Moxidari."
			"What's that?" asked Connor. "I can't make out the word."
			"Your tongues are not advanced enough for it." they shrugged. "The Moxidari are the Moxidari. There is no other term."
			"Is 'Moxidari' your word for people who were given the Serum before birth?" asked Chloe.
			"Yes." the Judge nodded. "It was applied across my entire batch. Only I survived."
			"But you're all identical?" Chloe titled her head. "And you're all vat-grown? The circumstances of your gestation would be identical, no?"
			"Such is the mystery of the Moxidari." the Judge shrugged. "I am not a scholar, Chloe-Chloederrington. I cannot answer all your questions."
			"Maybe you can answer mine." Connor began. He placed his hand against the glass.
			"What are you doing?" Chloe whispered. The Judge placed their own hand up to Connor's.
			Even through the glass, the two Moxidari could join their minds together. Such a merge was far from the wholesome union of comrades he had felt with Sparky and Trey. Instead... he saw into the mind of a soldier, born for war.
			He felt the recoil of a magnetic rifle as it punched through enemy lines. He felt the lashes of pain as Uunadari delivered flaggelation after flaggelation. He felt the Judge's ship crash into the Earth, and he felt the moment the Judge re-awoke from stasis - and the moment they drove their blades through Connor's chest.
			He looked up, and saw the False Lord. An old white man, with slicked-back hair, a cropped beard, and an impeccable suit. His violet eyes shone, and he felt the Judge genuflect.
			Finally, both pulled back.
			"Why?" Connor asked. "Why save us?"
			The Judge looked away. "I... I saw nothing."
			"What do you mean?" Chloe pressed.
			"I was raised in the Faith." they began. "I was always told - the faithful servants of the Great One will sit at their table in death. I have always been a faithful servant. But when I died... I saw nothing. No table. No glory. No Great One. All I could perceive was pain."
			"So that's what it was? A crisis of faith?" asked Connor.
			"A betrayal. By the Uunadari, by the Great One, by the False Lord... and so I responded in kind. If the Great One shall not embrace me, then I shall turn away from their light."
			A tense silence filled the room.
			"I have said all I wish to." the Judge began. "Please, leave me."
			"Let's go." Connor nodded to the others. They followed him to a private segment of the laboratory.

		Karelia - Aftermath
		______________________________
		SCENE
			"What did you see?" asked Chloe.
			"I'm not sure." Connor admitted. "There was a human - some aristo, by the looks of it - who the Judge *thought* was their messiah. They were an Esper - that's for sure."
			"Who were they?" Trey tilted his head.
			"No idea. I guess a mix of being from another species, and being from one where you're all identical, makes facial recognition quite hard. The Judge didn't remember anything we'd find identifiable, so I couldn't see it."
			"The real question is... what do we do with them?" Bevan said, rubbing his eye.
			"We can't trust them." Chloe shook her head.
			"They saved our lives." Trey countered.
			"They tried to kill us." Sparky cut in.
			"We share an enemy." Bevan sighed.
			"You're not seriously suggesting that we *ally* with that... that *thing?*" Ivan pulled his head back.
			"I don't know if we can trust them or not." Connor said finally. "But I do know that when they spoke to us just now, they weren't lying."
			"I felt that too." Trey nodded. "This... telepathy thingy, it's weird. But I could tell they were telling the truth."
			"Me too." Sparky concurred. "But just because they're being honest doesn't change what they did!"

		Leaving Karelia
		______________________________
		SCENE

	The Last Judgement
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE


		______________________________
		SCENE


		______________________________
		SCENE

	Bird of Prey
	______________________________
	CHAPTER


	______________________________
	CHAPTER


	______________________________
	CHAPTER

Age of Heroes
______________________________
VOLUME 4
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE


		______________________________
		SCENE


		______________________________
		SCENE


	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE


		______________________________
		SCENE


		______________________________
		SCENE


	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE


		______________________________
		SCENE


		______________________________
		SCENE

Time of Monsters
______________________________
VOLUME 5
	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE


		______________________________
		SCENE


		______________________________
		SCENE



	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE


		______________________________
		SCENE


		______________________________
		SCENE



	______________________________
	CHAPTER
		______________________________
		SCENE


		______________________________
		SCENE


		______________________________
		SCENE


