todo

NOTE: this is a disorganised, chaotic mess for brainstorming. remove from final product

!!!
need to find a way to justify the transition from dark vigilante war to multiple caped supers existing
!!!






add some more circus freaks to the now-gang of circus freaks:
	Spookee - a clown. Uses electric joybuzzers in combat
	The Gemini Twins - a pair of conjoined twins - one large, dimwitted, and with a cephalothorax; the other lithe, limber, and sprouting from the back
	Nitwit - A hulking brute with a tiny head, who fights with a large carnie hammer
	Goblin - a tiny (4ft tall) man with green skin, yellow eyes, and bat-like ears
	Troll - a huge (10ft tall) blue-skinned man with a childlike mind
	Tangle - a four-armed wrestler
	Sulita (romanian for javelin) - knife thrower, contortionist
	Mr. Magnus Magnifico - stage magician, uses smoke for disappearing acts








to summarise timeline changes

	CHAPTER
	>the week before Halloween, a cannibal larder is discovered in Blackmarsh, with two pig farmers butchered and their pigs missing
	>the wereolvess are stalking the scene while naismith investigates; however the NCA (national crime agency) takes over, saying they believe the killer is the notoroious Pig Head, and ordering Naismith to leave it
	>Connor and Sparky, using super-smell, track a blood trail to Pig Head's hideout.
	>while chasing, connor calls Ivan and ask him about Pig Head - where the Chris P Bacon joke happens - also have connor note that there's no way he's calling this guy Pig Head - "Even Grom's a better codename than Pig Head!"
	Pig Head releases Super-Swine. Sparky kills the Super-Swine while Connor fights piggy
	once arrested, Pig Head is reported on the TV as having had extreme plastic surgery done, including grafting a pig's face to his head. Newspeople question how that's even possible; but Pig Head isn't being forthcoming (long story short, it was Vacher)
	>have the chapel be assaulted by super-agents who wanna know what Connor told Fr Declan (see below)	
	OTL halloween

	Make sure there's plenty of social-life B-plot going on - enough for at least 2 chapters between In Sheep's Clothing and The Werewolf (might have to rename it to Pigs To Slaughter; Hogs to the Trough needs a rename too)



with all the extra B-plot material, consider splitting chapters up - or just saying fuck it, and releasing scene-by-scene




remove Naismith's early skepticism, as the evidence quickly suggests something superhuman is afoot
	have him interview the priest between walking sparky and creek
		some time after, have connor show up for another confession; when asked how long it's been, say "less than ten years, now" and have the priest realise; then connor apologises for what happened before; Declan admits he's struggled to take confessions after breaking the seal of the confessional to save the child; Connor says that if Declan had allowed a child to die over it he'd be enraged. he asks how the kid's doing, and declan says he's better; connor points out that the seal of confession usually only applies if the penitent is confessing before god; as an atheist it arguably doesn't apply; declan quips that its not normally him receiving absolution in that booth. they have a brief chat about connor's mission, and connor leaves feeling more relieved
		the second confession can go in Underhill or in She-Wolf - whichever needs more padding
		moments for second confesssion:
			when declan asks what connor thinks is going on, he says "I think I died that night. That heaven didn't want me, and hell spat me back out - except I brought some of it back with me."
	once they see Connor has regrown his hand, they conclude that the Burned Man and the Werewolf are the same guy too


replace the Patriots with the Skulls; have Skull (the drug) get its name from a remnant of the Skulls synthesising it and using it to rebuild their empire.


emphasise connor's inherent terrifying nature
	have him regularly aura farm to enhance his legend
	have Trey design a sigil for Connor to start using
	have Connor go berserk against some regular thugs - he doesn't kill them, but is way more brutal than normal, sparing one for last to scream his questions


change the prison break sequence

	NOTE
		maybe delete Agent J et al; have Goblin be the one to recognise connor, and the breakout crew are the syndicate, Goblin, Troll
		have the gang escape in a prison van - hence why it fits everyone including Troll. Connor still ends the situation by clambering and jumping, but remove the chopper
		Once escaped, instead of the revolutionary meetup in the underhill, just have them tag along into Riverside. have vince and amy have a heart-to-heart here too, before the gang splits up - the Syndicate crew of Tommy, Vince, and Pawel take a car and go hideout in the Wyrmwoods, while Connor, Shannon, Trey and Sparky take the workvan (fitted with Connor's gadgets) and do the DCC thingy. Goblin and Troll take a campervan, saying they're gonna head out into the moors outside of the valley; since they are the most recognisable, the heat is worse for them. connor bids them good luck
		the next day, all the news is talking about is "Goblin and Troll escape along with Syndicate members and protestors" - thereby keeping Connor et al's names out of the press.
		When questioned later, Connor explains that it was all Goblin's idea, who got the idea after seeing him fight Pig Head and realised that with Goblin's brains, Troll's brawns, and Connor's balance of both, they had a shot at escaping. Connor decided to go for it, and that's how it happened (not technically a lie)
		consider, instead of hiding out in a van, they take refuge in the basement of Fr. Declan's church



	first, have the gang be cut off by a phalanx of armed guards - they are forced to surrender, and are thrown in the VPU
	Within the VPU, have various rogues that connor hasn't killed be present (write these into previous episodes, and see below); have the gang be forced to wear shock collars like the other inmates
		the shock collars work by applying a zap to the back of the neck, paralyzing the inmate. Connor tries using his strength to tear the collar off, but the shock makes him convulse too much
		When Connor gets in a fight with Pig Head, Agent J recognises his fighting style and approaches him. J proposes a deal - he help the trio escape, in exchange Connor lets J go into hiding without bothering him. Connor hesitantly accepts
		(J's plan is to organise a mass escape - noting that'll cover connor's escape without compromising his identity, as he'll make sure his own fake ID takes the fall for it)
	after the failed escape, a protest outside city hall is held; Bea wants to go but Charlie pressures her to not go; Chloe does go, but the cops open fire with rubber bullets and start mass arresting the protestors. Amy (in the Stunlocke suit) and Sparky (in costume) show up to defend the protestors, and most escape before Gambit shows up with live rounds - Sparky helps Amy run away from them. The protestors who were arrested are thrown in Wickermast on Terrorism Act charges
	the next night, Connor grabs a guard's sidearm and shoots his collar off, before holding the guard hostage and demanding the control guard opens the door. the guard doesn't, so connor knocks out his hostage and shoots at the control room window - the bullet bounces off. enraged, he charges upwards, and shoots the door lock. the guard draws his gun, but Connor shoots it out of his hands and makes him cuff himself. Then, he releases all the supervillains except Pig Head and Chapman
	the door opens, and connor grabs trey and shannon, rips off their collars, and bolts. a gang of other guards show up, connor aims his gun and orders them to cuff themselves. then, he captures the control room and frees the syndicate, Naismith, and Casale. He tells everyone to grab hostages too, and they head to the exit
	a phalanx of guards is there, so they send their hostages walking through first, then connor shoots the sprinklers above, while Flashbang hits them with his namesake. in the chaos, Connor and She-Wolf dive forwards, and uses a riot shotgun as a club, knocking down the phalanx
	J grabs a shotgun, but connor warns "don't make me put you back in there!" and he chuckles, dropping it
	The gates ahead have been sealed off, so Troll rips them open (have something like "You're up, big guy!")
	Vince hotwires a car and bundles his gang in, creating a diversion; Troll goes storming off into the woods with Goblin, Flashbang blasts and then sneaks away. Connor, Shan, Trey, She-Wolf, and J rush out, diving into a nearby car. trey hotwires it, and they drive
	they make it to the main road when the cops catch up. a car pulls up beside them, preparing to ram into them. trey slams on the breaks and turns around, trying to shake them off
	now pursued by three cars, connor clambers to the roof, and shoots out the wheels of one. he aims at the other, but his gun clicks as he realises he's out of ammo. he roars, J clambers beside him, and they each leap onto the cars, smashing the windscreens and crashing it. Connor grabs a megaphone and an assault rifle, and barks to the police chopper that they need to either pull out or get their parachutes ready. he fires a warning shot that hits the chopper's side, so the police sniper within fires back. then, connor shoots the rotor, and the pilot and sniper dive out as it spins and crashes.
	trey pulls over, and they drive as fast as they can - connor takes the wheel, cutting the car lights and using his night vision to plot their route
	connor calls Ivan. Ivan incredulously congratulates connor, before giving him a location
	the gang take refuge in a safehouse in the underhill. the rest of the escapees arrive too - J reveals he contacted them to help organise a resistance - explaining he needs Dorsey's martial law lifted so he can leave the country safely.
	Connor (in his Werewolf costume so the others don't twig his secret ID) announces to the escapees that they need to counterattack quickly. with that, Ivan, Whiplash, Amy (in the suit) and Sparky arrive. Connor and Vince pull Amy aside and tell her not to do this, but she's adamant, and they relent.
		(make sure to include a brief interaction between Flashbang and Whiplash here btw - since in other circumstances, Flashbang would be going after her as a rogue Esper)
	The agreed plan is this: Troll will attack a Skull warehouse full of drugs; Goblin will infiltrate the police hangar and blow up their choppers to blind them; Whiplash will infiltrate the police station and give Shan/Jinx a backdoor; Flashbang and J will go after a Paladin Agent site; Amy/"Robot" will handle street patrols; She-Wolf will do a sweep of the docks to damage any active trafficking operations; while Connor, Sparky, and Ivan go and interrogate the DCC. Meanwhile, civvies like Naismith, Casale, and the Syndicate are ordered to go to ground and find any intel they can manage
	after this wild night, Dorsey uses it to declare martial law, locking down the city. Bea reluctantly agrees that charlie was right to tell her not to get involved, while Ward declares a general strike in resistance - and is thrown in jail for it
	rest of chapter plays out as before
	just before leaking the intel to Zack, Amy tells Connor that Chloe is worried about him. He agrees to meet her "where we first met" - they have a heartfelt reunion at the library. Connor explains he can't stay long, but he's okay - he says Trey's meeting his dad too. Chloe asks how he got out, and he nonchalantly says there was a mass supervillain breakout and he just followed along. He says soon, it'll all be sorted, and admits he's "helping the Werewolf" with the uprising, but can't say more
	when explaining the escape to the girls, connor explains that it was all J's idea - after Connor beat up Pig Head, J supposedly saw potential in him (not technically a lie) and ordered him to help out during the escape
	once all is said and done, vince turns himself back in, as although all the terrorism act charges have been dropped (as well as any charges from their escape), he's still a convict. he gets to meet Bea and Chloe here though, and has a bittersweet farewell with his kids
	in the aftermath, Ivan explains he had the supervillains recruited - he's had an elite squad called the Redeemers formed; they are going to engage in operations out in the USSR; once they're proven to be trustworthy (as well as once they can get some more favours with MI5/Zero), they'll return to Drackhill as a reservist unit
		Later, once Zero sanctions them officially in vol 3, the Redeemers begin helping out.
			have She-Wolf, now recovering from post-Serum insanity, change her name to something more independent (name pending) - she still adores Connor, but not pathologically, recognising it'll never work

	later on, have Connor and Amy drop by the prison to catch up. They explain that Amy's working as Stunlocke more long-term now, while Vince says that during the chaos, Pig Head ate Chapman.


consider toning down the racism of the world - make sure it's present, but have the Optimates and the Skulls be more social-darwinist than neo-nazi; keep racism but less blatant


consider replacing connor's new costume with the wakeup-in-clocktower sequence - have him start with the costume fully finished
	this also means for connor and trey's first joint mission, he morphs up his own costume from imagination



during naismith's look at the body, nina mentions there've been a lot of weird reports from last night; a pair of SUVs containing armed gunmen seemingly crashed into each other in a way that doesn't make sense, and firefighters reported a burn victim grip their leader by the throat before running away faster than a car. naismith is skeptical, but says they'll keep an open mind
dorsey and the mayor pull strings to keep the crash and connor's neck lift out of the news, but they can't keep the beheading quiet, as its already been reported on. they cover the crash up as a normal crash, not disclosing the presence of firearms; and they cover up the burned warehouse as a drug lab, while blackmailing the fire station's counselors into gaslighting the fire crew into dismissing what they saw
note - a drone doesn't happen here. keep the one at fetch with sparky, but change the method of defeat from a car toss to something else


a scene sometime between warehouse frenzy and whiplash officially joining the team, where connor is badly wounded and she takes him to her hideout - Belson clock tower. they talk a little about her life, and he asks her to join the team fully; says they'll make sure no one else has to go through what they went through


have the mook classes show up more than once though - have drones show up on multiple occaisions; have crusader minibosses as often as giants; have ODIN blinkers appear every so often; have Fenrir dogs accompanying Super-Agents that must be sadly put down





have connor show the gang around the motel before he ambushes naismith for the auction



Notes for the sewer mutants plot:
	as the squad roster grows, more people stay in the motel. they expand the underground section, eventually breaking into an underhill segment - kicking off the cult arc
	Later, (in volume 3), while on fireman duty, Connor gets approached by the fire chief and informed of a worrying case. a pair of plumbers went missing while working inside the sewers, then two firemen sent to look for them were attacked and found dead; the fire chief hands over his men's body cam footage, showing them getting swarmed by horrific bat-fish monsters.
	Connor warns the chief not to enter the sewers, and he goes in and makes his way to their nests. There, he learns that there is some kind of mutagenic psy-emitter in the sewers; it created the batfishes, and also affects the Underhill residents. Most become deformed mutants, but some become Espers too.
	A mutant cult has formed in the Underhill, and it is extremely xenophobic, their Esper leadership having sicced the batfish on the workers and firemen.
	The cult is dismantled, after connor and the judge are able to ally with a "heretic" faction who remember their old lives and want to have friendlier relations with outsiders.
	They agree to hand over the workmen's remains, and never attack humans again, in exchange for regular food deliveries and being placed under Connor's protection
	This arc is where the Judge decides to change their name to the Heretic.
	If wanted, this can also be how Adept starts
	At one point, connor asks how the device works; olivia explains ODIN use devices like this to continuously produce psychic effects, in this case Biomanipulation. Connor asks if they'll get mutated, and she explains no; Espers are naturally resistant to the effect, and can only be mutated by it if they want to be. That's why the cult leadership is Espers; they're the most stable of the muties. It's also why the batfishes are alive; their psychic link is the result of selection pressure
	Chloe studies the device once it's deactivated; it's only when it explosively reactivates that she becomes Adept

	ODIN placed the device in the Underhill long before the events of the story; the purpose was to subconsciously direct the sewer mutants into an uprising against the city-dwellers, which would then be crushed by Paladin/Gambit Agents - a false flag attack to allow them to seize power amidst the confusion. Junior's attack, Riverside's heroism, were all unforseen. Also, they didn't expect a hero like Connor to resolve the situation largely peacefully by exploiting internal factionalism

extra bases!
	once the Underhill becomes attached to Riverside, have it become a network of safehouses for the gang
	have the Horse occaisonally be used as well
	have Belson Clock Tower be a base for Whiplash; later, Harpy bunks with her
	Have Mercy Isle's old monastery and lighthouse become a base for Mordred when the order shows up; it covers the Brynmore Isles, as well as support for Angleport and Rexton
	Have a safehouse in Dunmere Dam; also covers Wickermast, Danwich, and Blackmarsh
	Have a cave in Wyrmrock to use as a perch; have it behind a waterfall; it's a winding cave system that's perfect for storage
	An office in Rydon Tower, Caldermouth; providing cover for both it and Torbrook



volume 2 big changes:
	have shannon involved more in group outings from post-charlie onwards

	add a few scenes where the gang learn about their public presence
		first, a news report from Zack doing a profile on the various superheroes
			have Bea express admiration for Stunlocke in particular
		later, have Bea reveal she's on a forum that goes on about the superheroes
			funny gag where she reveals theres a shipping war; she says there's a big argument on the forum between "Team Stunlocke" and "Team Whiplash". Connor asks if there's a "Team Werewolf" and Bea grins "Everyone's Team Werewolf." she then reveals that people are shipping the Werewolf with either Whiplash or Stunlocke; Connor and Amy are grossed out
			later shannon sends him yaoi of him and Ivan, to his horror and ivan's delight

	medicine run
		shannon reports there's been a string of thefts of critical medicine lately; asks amy and olivia to investigate
		they follow a lead to a gang of thugs; amy knocks out a bunch and subdues their leader, demanding he talk. he snarks "you ain't the werewolf! i'm not telling you nuffin!" then amy zaps him and says "i can keep doing that until your heart gives out. then, i'll resucitate you, and do it again. start. talking." he immediately spills
		they find the location of the latest shipment of drugs; amy goes to attack, but shannon chimes in and says their best bet is following it covertly to wherever they're keeping the other drugs; amy reluctantly hides while olivia follows it on her glider. when it arrives at a depot, the girls raid it while shannon puts a call out to naismith

		have olivia use a new tool for non-lethal combat - the Swingshot, a smooth-balled flail that clips to her bracers

		have this come up post-judge, where dr rosenbaum notes that the vigilantes saved countless lives by retrieving those meds, and so the hospital will provide any equipment chloe needs


	during the belson riots, have there be mention of a morland getting looted; have this be where the Skulls start to form



	move or remove the bus fight - it's a highly traumatic event, the gang can't just walk it off
		(also, replace the cartoonish head-crush with the more horrific eye-gouge-then-rip-apart)


villains of the week - some B-plot ideas to be used on sparser episodes:
	a young person reaches out saying their father, a dockworker, was found dead from an overdose; they suspect foul play. have Bea be interning at a solicitors that takes the case; the child explains that the father had suspicions about his boss smuggling drugs. connor hits up Russo who says it's not his man; connor goes to confront him, but is ambushed by Super-Skulls (this is the beginning of the Skull reveal)
	a sniper is active in the city, taking out Grins. Ivan takes point on the investigation, and it evolves into a sniper duel
	a master of venoms, who uses neurotoxins to take out connor, forcing the weaker heroes to take point)
	Flashbang - a cyborg assassin who can perform flashbang attacks from his body.
		He's hired to take out Connor - he's typically hired to take on rogue Espers and other superhumans.
		Natch, he's able to badly stun Connor, and he throws a shock collar on him - he then sets it to full, and throws him into an SUV, intent on bringing Connor back to Paladin
		However, before he can leave, Naismith arrives, and opens fire. Flashbang hits back, but a stray bullet destroys the collar's switch. Connor goes frenzy, and beats Flashbang within an inch of his life, before leaving him for Naismith - explaining he wants to know what Flashbang knows
		Flashbang is thrown in the VPU of HMP Wickermast, keeping his silence. Later, during the second prison break, he helps the gang escape
	The Changeling - a nondescript, androgynous humanoid who can change appearance at will, impersonating others almost flawlessly. They must be in contact range for this, as they need to use their psionics (which are tactile in nature) to get a copy of the target's personality (this also lets them replicate things like fingerprints etc)
	Stinger - a mutant assassin who can fire venomed quills from their body potent enough to even take other superhumans down
	Agent J - a mutant hitman with minor super-strength/toughness, as well as near-unparalleled martial arts prowess
		After J is thrown in VPU, he aids in the prison escape
	The Troll - A hulking, dimwitted humanoid mutant, with dark blue skin. Prone to violent temper tantrums
	The Goblin - a diminutive, crafty greenskin. Piggybacks on Troll and is the brains of their duo
	Somniac - a psychic with the power to make people sleepwalk and control them in this state, as well as make them fall asleep through eye contact
	Felix - a master contortionist and escape artist
	Serial killers:
		A madman who kidnaps people and tortures them to death with power tools (have TO-39/the cops take this case to make it more perilous)
		A taxidermist and apprentice of Vacher
		an "angel of death" shipman-style character; have Judi involved heavily in this case
		A crazy priest who burns people alive
		Mr. Clean - a crime scene cleaner who also "handles" witnesses
		A crazed vet who goes on a bombing and shooting spree
		A snuff film maker
		A former pig slaughterer who cracked and turned to cannibalism - he's been given plastic surgery from Vacher to look like a pig, and uses a serum variant to create Super-Swine attack pigs
			he's called "Pig head", but the heroes categorically refuse to call him that - nicknames like "notorious P.I.G.," "Luke Skyporker," "Amy Swinehouse," "Albert Einswine," "Snoop Hog," "Stephen Porking," "Harry Trotter," "Gordan Hamsey," "Boarbra Streisand," "Piggy Stardust," "Ham Solo," "Kevin Bacon--wait, that one's taken," "Meryl Sheep---fuck, wrong farm," "Hamlet," "The Baconator," "Oink Floyd," "Napoleon Boarnaparte," "Hamela Anderson," "Piggy Azalea," "Hamuel L. Jackson," "Pigolas Cage," etc
			At one point, Connor's getting a briefing, and Ivan says "Pig Head, real name Christopher Percival Bacon."
			"Chris P. Bacon? Are you fucking kidding me?"
			"Yes, of course I am. His real name's Laszlo Aubrey." (reference to Pyg (and laszlo from ))
			When Connor takes Pig Head down, he's about to finish him off, but Naismith & co. arrive and open fire, so Connor shrugs "if you don't want pork skewer, that's your problem" and bolts. pig head is taken to hospital under sedation, and then moved to the VPU
		A rich psycho who hunts tramps for sport
		a psychologist who gets off on convincing their patients to commit suicide; maybe have this the one who gaslit the firemen









Volume 3 plans:

	harpy chapter
		training scene with judge and the werewolves + chloe running tests on the judge and amy
		that night, amy takes the judge on patrol; while out (she's driving while they follow on the rooftops) she explains that night-time street crime is minimal since their crusade, so they're going after a weapons deal.
			amy takes recon point while the judge barges in.
			"Hail, miscreants! You are in violation of our commandments. Lay down your arms and you will not be ha--"
			*ratatatatat!*
			judge morphs a shield "Youngblood! They have not laid down their arms!"
			"Then make them. Remember - nothing permanent."
			"As you command." they snarl
			while fighting, they get hit by a molotov cocktail. they Rage, holding the attacker by the throat and snarling. amy sends a quick buzz through their ear and orders them to drop the goon. they comply reluctantly
			later, she asks if they were gonna kill the thug. they admit they would've; that was the first time they ever resisted their Rage. she sighs, before admitting she'd hoped they didn't comply, so she had an excuse to kill them. they hesitate, before saying "I am sorry for what I have done. It was shameful. Sinful. Dishonourable. I shall do whatever it takes to atone."
			she hesitates too. "well... i'm not over how you nearly killed my brother - or me, for that matter. but... that's a good start, i suppose."
		judge asks connor why he doesn't kill humans
			"Why do you demand we spare those miscreants? At first, I thought it was weakness, but then I saw your tenacity when you slew me. Why?"
			Connor thinks for a moment. "Because we don't *have* to kill them. So we don't."
			"Many of them have slain innocents - the same innocents you swear to protect."
			"Whether or not someone *deserves* to die is a question of philosophy. Whether *I* have the right to kill them is a question of practicality. If I can't stop someone from hurting others *without* killing them - say, a Super-Agent that'll never surrender or allow themselves to be subdued; a murderer far away and the only way to stop them is with a gun; or a rich pervert who can corrupt the legal system and get away with their obscenities... those, we have to kill. But we always make sure that we're taking the path of least harm. Sure, sometimes we slip up. Sometimes the Rage gets to us. Sometimes we go to the dark place, and allow ourselves a moment of cruelty. But we have to try, always."
		the next evening, before sunset, connor tells chloe to meet him at a bench outside Rydon Tower. She arrives, looking around for him, before he does a superhero landing behind her in costume; then he takes her, and rushes up the tower with her. they go to Mercy Isle and back
		while out, he spots a mugging going on - he drops her off on a rooftop and deals with it. he finds the mugger broke their victims phone, so he grabs the mugger's phone and crushes it in his hand; it explodes and burns his hand, but he just stare into the mugger's eyes unflinching. once the mugger is tied up, he rejoins chloe, who says "is it bad that i found watching that a little... well, attractive?" and he grins "chloe, that was part of why i did it"
		upon returning to riverside, he notes to the team that while nighttime street crime has gone down, daytime crime has gone up. Bea notes that it makes sense - they've made it so criminals are too afraid to do crime while they're on patrol, but haven't changed the socioeconomic factors that drive them to crime in the first place; connor agrees, and says he'll talk with Russo about negotiating allowing the Syndicate to operate its social outreach in Belson.

	funny moment - while sparring, connor grapples trey. he tries to morph spikes to throw him off, but just ejects goop all over him. cue plenty on innuendos when connor moans getting gooped on by trey, without a hint of irony

	Amy is convinced to become a Werewolf when she fights Twitch, who drains her suit's batteries and beats her half to death before Connor goes apeshit and nearly kills him - she wants to save people, not need to be saved

	Trey and Amy join the pack fully at the same time; connor shows them how to glide, and they make it to the top of rydon tower. he says they're ready, and sends them on a mission together; the same goon who inspired amy to take the name stunlocke gets taken down by them; while Naismith drags him away "You can't let psychos like her go on a rampage! We still have rights! And him, the poncey fucker over there doing backflips all night! Remember the good old days, when it was just normal?!"
	Amy smirks. "Rampage." she points to herself. "Backflip."
	Trey tilts his head, before grinning widely. "that works."

	while searching for zhao, they dig up a 731 war criminal who is living in a japanese retirement home; the gang go to investigate; Amy and Trey go to the nursing home while Connor goes looking into further potential 731 connections (ends up getting in trouble with the yakuza as a pulpy bplot)

	bea becomes stunlocke while the others are out on patrol; riverside gets attacked by Gambit who are being sent by Eidolon tracing a hack on their servers to Shannon (unaware it's the Werewolf den) - Bea and shannon are there; while held hostage bea complains she needs the toilet; going on about her supposed IBS until one guard cracks and takes her to the storeroom where the toilet is; he uncuffs her, she goes in, and covertly puts on the stunlocke suit, then hits him with the Pulsar; the HUD tells her the battery is low and she's on power saver; so she deactivates the electroshock features and kicks the gambit asses

	whisper arc:
		she initially shows up being pursued by ODIN agents; the gang step in and rescue her. She explains who she is, her powers, and that she's trying to escape ODIN; they offer her safe refuge in Drackhill. Later though, a stinger where she reports her progress to her superior
		over time, as she works as a superhero to gain their trust, she finds she actually likes it; the freedom, and doing good. eventually, she gets informed that the ODIN attack is imminent; she warns the team and reveals her treachery. they mount a counterattack, but are angry at her. however, connor decides to let her stay

	mordred arc
		have the Order of Lazarus on Mercy Isle - think St Dumas mixed with League of Assassins. They have a champion who calls himself Mordred - he's an Azrael expy. Have him join the squad for a while, before going his own way as an auxilliary member

	confronting Oxford;
		Connor shows up alone, ordering Oxford to surrender to him. Oxford grins.
			"My boy... how I overestimated your intelligence."
			His eyes flash, and Connor starts choking
			"Did you really think I could make the Commandant quiver in fear, and pose as Kakhral's great messiah, if my own power were not... extraordinary?"
			he leans in
			"Did you really think you could beat me?"
			connor chokes
			"don't worry now. I'm not going to kill you, Mr. Barrett! You're far too valuable an asset. Not to mention how much money we spent making you..."
			he grabs his had.
			"Listen. And. Obey."
			"NEVER!"
			*psychic explosion*
			the two fight, with Oxfords powers less strong against him.
			"Maybe I'm not the only stupid one! Did you really think we didn't know you were an Esper?! Did you really think, after fighting ODIN for this long, I didn't practice a few tricks of my own?!"
			"Very astute, boy... but you cannot stop me!"
			"I know I can't. That's why I brought backup."
			All of Riverside shows up to the rescue.
			Oxford is outmatched, so he teleports away, detonating his house's self destruct. the heroes are wounded, and return home - Oxford is declared a supervillain, and so he has no choice but to head to a very old hideout of his... which is where we get full confirmation (foreshadow it with portraits of his ancestors looking identical to him) that he's an immortal


	cancer arc:
		connor gets injected with something by a super-agent; turns out to be a highly malignant cancer. it rapidly spreads throughout his body, leeching his powers.
		chloe does tests (tearjerker scene where connor, haggared and weak, sees her struggling to hold it together in front of him, and tells her it's okay for it to affect her too); she finds out that the cancer is disabling his healing factor, immune to chemo, and based on how rapidly it's spreading, will reach his brain stem in a few weeks, which will kill him

	Ending:
		Connor is wasting away with his cancer, and is lured into a trap by the Commandant. He is kidnapped and taken offshore, to a former oil rig. The Commandant dopes him with Skull, and says that enough is enough - it's time to end this. Chloe radios telling him the Kestrel's still down (it got destroyed in an earlier chapter) but they're on their way as fast as they can. The Commandant reveals he's rigged the place with thermobaric charges that are attached to a deadman's switch in his heart - he jeers that Connor won't have the guts to finish him. Connor spits that he'd burn the world to see him dead, and they fight
		The fight is brutal, and Connor looks like he's gonna die, but Chloe gives him a psychic boost using Biomanipulation over their mindlink to power him up - she passes out from the strain. he fights hard, and finally has the commandant badly wounded. He shoves his hand into the Commandant's chest, and the following exchange happens:
			"Ah, ah ah..." the commandant gurgles. "forgot about the deadman's switch?"
			"I'm counting on it. When it goes off, I'll know you're a dead man." connor snarls
			"hah... i don't think you'll survive tonight, but on the off chance that you do, i want you to know... I was right. might makes right."
			"shut up."
			"everything that happens after this... every great and horrible thing that your people do, the monsters they'll become... it'll all be in my name. all the death and destruction that comes will honour ME - your FATHER."
			"my father?" he tilts his head, eyes aflame. "YOU'RE NOT MY *FATHER!*"
			He rips out the commandant's heart, and crushes it. the commandant wheezes.
			"left it... on a timer... go on. tell them... tell them their hero's not coming back..."
			Connor looks over, and sees the two minute timer. he closes his eyes, and drags himself to it.
			"Chloe? I... I don't know if you can hear this. Maybe you'll dream it." he begins, choking up.
			"I promised I'd always be by your side. I swore i'd never let you down. and i... i'm gonna have to break that promise."
			he sobs, as his body starts to give out.
			"we've both known for a little while that my time was running out. i... i hoped i'd get a bit longer."
			"the time we've had together... it's been the best months of my life. i'll always be with you... we're linked, now. tell the others... tell them i couldn't've left the world in safer hands."
			the timer ticks down, a few seconds left.
			"i love you."
			*BOOM---FWOOSH!*
			to hammer home his death, we focus in on his bloodied, ragged skeleton sinking beneath the waves, his one remaining red eye slowly dimming before going dark

		consider having this instead be a heroic sacrifice - maybe the commandant places the bombs in a residential area, and instead of a deadman's switch, it's a way to ensure if connor kills him, he dies too. the commandant sadistically leaves enough time for connor to get the bombs out to sea in a nearby vtol - but the craft only has enough fuel for one trip.
		once the bombs are dropped into the sea, connor crashes the vtol, and radios the team, before the explosion tears the craft apart and 'kills' him
		consider it being a more deadly weapon than thermobaric charges - maybe an antimatter bomb that would destroy a massive chunk of new york if he doesn't get rid of it





scene where whiplash fails a mission, and returns terrified and timid
	flinching at everything
	connor initially snarks upon her report that history sshows she'll join them, and she's trembling
	he then reassures her, and they reattempt the mission together, showing her she's with a new family now

have a mission in Auburn City (see below) - the gang discover that a large number of super-agents come from Greenland, and deduce that they must be recruits from Auburn.
	The gang go undercover, posing as inmates. only the Werewolves go - Espers can't defend themselves without showing off their powers, Super-Agents are too visible by default, and Bea/Stunlocke and Shannon/Jinx are normal human girls who would't be safe there.
	First, Connor starts doing cage fights for the gang leaders, hoping to impress the enforcers and get recruited by them - so he can then find out how the mercs are getting poached.
	Second, Trey takes the dangerous industrial work, secretly coordinating with mission control to plant backdoors in their network
	Third, Amy begins training some of the female inmates in self defence, while hunting down and terrorising the men who oppress them.
	Over time, Trey also manages to foment unrest among the work crews he ingratiates himself with; his and Amy's strategies end up synergising into a looming revolt.
	The enforcers, now worried and desperate for more manpower, approach Connor offering him a position. he takes it, but mentions he heard rumours that some enforcers get "the good stuff" that makes them better fighters. he's taken to the serum facility, now confirming all he needs to know. he assaults the facility, while trey and amy launch their uprising.
	Once done, the city is largely in ruins - but the criminal elite and the enforcers, as well as APEX, are all gone. The heroes help rebuild the hothouse (as the American government now puts the city under blockade), while they get their allied governments (primarily the USSR remnant, as well as Algeria and Germany) to begin airdropping supplies again - as well as airlifting inmates out, granting them asylum (however, the dangerous inmates, or those with credible accusations of abuse, are instead taken into secure facilities in host nations to be rehabilitated first)
	This also makes the heroes enemies of the state in the US's eyes, which results in Interpol disavowing them and forcing them underground - so, now with nothign to lose, they prepare to topple the US government - setting up future arcs

Auburn City
	A grim American gulag, built in Greenland. Anyone sentenced to life or death throughout the American Empire can be shipped here, instead.
	The city takes its name from Auburn Prison, one of the first for-profit prisons in the US.

	Auburn, GL. Founded in 1952 by executive order from President Douglas MacArthur, following the official integration of Greenland as a territory of the United States.
	Within the US, the Sterns-Johnson Act was passed that same year, determining to "cleanse the United States of filth and degereracy". It established the following rules for "deportation"
	Anyone sentenced to death in a court of law whereupon they have been duly convicted may instead opt for "deportation", being shipped to Auburn. In certain cases however, the DOJ can reject this plea (if there isn't enough room, or if they want to make an example of them). Naturally, most capitally-convicted people opt for life in Auburn instead; in practice the only people executed in the US mainland are political dissidents, as they don't want to risk sending potential revolutionaries into the powder keg.
	Anyone convicted of "endangering public decency" - which can include anything from sex work, drug dealing, organised criminal involvement, or even illegal gambling - is placed in a lottery upon their conviction. If their number comes up, rather than serving their sentence as normal, they instead are sentenced to life without parole in Auburn, as a "lesson" to others.
	Anyone deported also forfeits their US citizenship, even if it is their only citizenship, or they were born citizens.
	As a result, Auburn is filled with gangsters, psychopaths, and petty crooks who are in over their heads. Most children born in Auburn are either the result of the complex's rampant "comfort industry", or the result of violent conception. Those born in Auburn are stateless; infant mortality is very high, as are complications during pregnancy. Auburn's local laws state that no-one without US citizenship is allowed to leave - so children born there will live their whole (often short) lives within the city.
	Prisoners spend most of the day working, often in extreme conditions. As the hybrid of a plantation, company town, and gulag, the currency prisoners are paid in is a form of scrip; this is needed to pay for their measly rations of food, clothes, and the like. Shelter is not provided automatically by the prison - inmates must find shelter, often being forced to trade scrip, or provide services, to whoever excercises authority over their area. Prisoners typically live in poorly-made tent towers, often with little to no sanitation.
	Prison gangs are a fact of life in the city. Those who rule these gangs act as petty lords, often collecting "tribute" from their vassals, which they use to bribe guards and live lives of relative luxury.
	The guards themselves are as unhinged as the prisoners. Many are former prisoners who were recruited by the enforcers; regulations are minimal, and the guards' only duties are to ensure that prisoners perform their labour, and do not revolt. Enforcers typically take several slaves under their "protection" - to some inmates, this is preferable to being left to the predation of the gangs, or freezing out of the tents.
	City security is fairly lax - anyone attempting to escape would simply freeze to death before they could make it to any form of human settlement. Contact with the outside world is minimal - massive SnowCat trucks bring in imports (primarily human material) and take away exports. Food is primarily produced in the Hothouse, a greenhouse dome on the city limits. Work in the hothouse is only for the most privileged of inmates - people have literally killed for a spot in the Hothouse.
	For a while, the USSR would airdrop supplies of food and medicine into the city, as a middle finger to the Americans. However, once the Eurasian War began, shipments ceased.
	By far, the most important industry in the city is its mining. The APEX corporation (for American Professional EXtractions) owns the massive mining complexes and oil rigs in the area. Pollution is simply allowed to flow into the city.
	Meanwhile, several factories own sweatshops in the city, such as Acuminata, the world's monopoly on soft drinks; meanwhile, the Valiant Motor Company makes several parts using cheap Auburn labour.
	Auburn's population sits at 110,000 - and has done for decades. Unofficial policy is to match "deportation rates" to the mortality rate.
	Over 30% of Auburn inmates die within their first year. After five years, that jumps to 62%. The ten-year mortality rate is a whopping 94%. The longest-serving inmates are not the petty kings - as they often get stabbed in the back. Instead, the longest-serving inmantes are those in the middle; who keep their head down, and remain useful to those in power.
	As of 2015, the longest-serving inmate is Jason Moreno - he was arrested in 1982 at age 15 for shoplifting. Courts decided to try him as an adult, and his number came up. Moreno is now the foreman of the Hothouse - and as the man who decides which inmates are selected to work there, he is far too important to kill.
	The second-longest-serving inmate is known as "Paulie" - his surname is unknown, as his mother abandoned him shortly after birth. He was born in 1989, and is the oldest 'local' in the city, at 26 years old.
	'Locals' are very rare, as infant mortality is extreme. Infanticide is rampant, as mothers cannot bear to bring children into such a city. Children who survive typically do so by being taken in by less savage prisoners, who all chip in scrip to ensure they are fed. As things like baby formula are never imported to the city, it is rare for such foundlings to survive past infancy - compounded by the extreme pollution and freezing cold interfering with development. Estimates put the number of 'locals' at 1.7% of the population.
	The city's demographics are largely similar to the US prison system back on the mainland - except, when white people appeal their selection for "deportation", they are 40x more likely to be successful than people of colour. That likelihood is still small enough to be less than 1%, though.
	The disproportionately male population has led to the city being a severely unsafe place for women, in particular. Enforcers turn a blind eye to such "indulgements."
	The American government is in discussions with several allied nations - most notably the Union of South Africa and Rhodesia, the Commonwealth of Australasia, and the United Kingdom; for those countries to deport their own underclasses to the city as well. Disturbingly, the Americans have unofficially requested that these countries' selection processes be skewed towards their female criminals, to 'ensure improved social harmony through representative demographics'; there are several within the US government who wish to see a population boom in the city - as that means more workers.





new stuff from the eidolon raid
	mainly gadgets for stunlocke
		escrima stun sticks, which can be combined into a stun staff
		motorbike, with turret attached (swapped for rubber bullets and pepper balls)
		Personal CT drone
	Replacement/upgrade for the Kestrel; the Cerberus
		Cerberus has three modes, each one for a different situation:
			Combat Mode: Resembling a cross between a tank and a racecar, this mode uses 4WD and has jet boosters for afterburn. It can fire homing rockets at enemy vehicles, and has a minigun turret that can be deployed to provide fire support. 
			Turret Mode: The wheel mounts articulate into an X-shape, providing anchoring. Without needing any mobility, all power is diverted to the weapon systems, providing greater firepower options like missile barrages, gatling gun fire, EMPs, and more.
			Flight Mode: Before capture, Eidolon engineers couldn't get enough thrust to maintain altitude for long. However, the innovations used in the Kestrel's construction were retrofitted onto Cerberus, making this mode functional. In this form, it has jet thrusters placed along its underside for vertical takeoff and hover-mode, as well as its foils in an X-shape that can hit supersonic speeds. It can provide machine-gun and missile fire, but suffers reduced accuracy and firing speed due to more power needed for flying.

			Each mode can has semi-automated assistance, but can be set to fully automated when needed - however, this still requires human input to set mision objectives, destinations, and parameters. They can also be remotely controlled.



more superhero-y plot moments:

	plot point where a new drug is being sold, derived from paradrenaline
		connor discovers that Eidolon are making a stimulant based on it

	pretty cool takedown moment:
		Sneak up, perform rear naked choke, then release before the KO so they stumble forward; then grab them as they fall and yank backwards; then intercept their second fall with a strike to the side of the head; then crouch down so they land on top of you to lift them on your shoulders; then either slam to the ground to fully KO, or carry them to a desired location
		Grab the shoulders, spin hard, and send a haymaker the other way, using vertigo to KO

	the Skulls gang
		new gang with a gimmick - all members wear skull masks
		they use a modified versionof Eidolon's drug, which is essentially a temporary super-serum - it enhances the user's strength, toughness etc, but doesn't change their genetics. lack of use leads to withdrawal, and even death
		The Skulls have a monopoly on the drug, which they use to take over London's gang scene - only Drackhill is truly safe thanks to Connor
		Skull Toxin is invariably fatal upon withdrawal. The only treatment is either true super-serum, or healing serum - both of which are in short supply. Taking down Skull goons typically has them locked up in the Institute, with Chloe trying to find a cure


	friendly neighbourhood werewolf moments:
		a guy drops his engagement ring down a drain - connor swoops in and uses strength and senses to get it back

	Connor starts going after one-percenters, especially Eidolon and Paladin clients
		He goes after an executive at Walton Construction whose skirting of regulations is the cause of several apartment block fires - he paid a modest fine that was less than 2% of the money he saved by ducking regulation, and received a golden parachute; connor pours a ring of oil around the guy and lights it. the guy suffers severe heat burns and monoxide poisoning before connor stops the torture and calls an ambulance; this gets reported on the news
		he finds out APEX executives are holding a webinar conference in Rydon Tower; he crashes it and declares to the public broadcast "you may have seen me this christmas, being buddy-buddy with santa. well like santa, i've got a list too. and it's got the names of a gaggle of rich psychopaths, and i think it's time to start crossing off names. if you're scared by this - if you hear my snarls and you quiver in fear, then good. that means you're on my list."






alternate solution to the demons and vampires:
	the judge *thought* they'd arrived on time, but instead arrived 5000 years later due to veil shenanigans. The old Lulamarian Empire has long since faded thanks to the Withering; the state religion now abandoned by the empire, while the Zotans have converted to Malkaea-worship. After the Zotans deployed a planetkiller, the conflict has escalated. both sides want Earth due to its sector's strategic location. The Judge's own faith has fallen into complete irrelevance - modern Goglogthans commit 'idolatry' through worship of their Genetors, the Lulamarians have abandoned all religion after their crisis, and the subject races have largely abandoned Lulamarian-worship.
	chloe doesn't become a vamp - instead, after capturing a psi-amp from an mkultra black site, it detonates while she's reverse-engineering it, badly wounding her and putting her into a coma. she is saved using super-serum from connor, and develops psionic powers as a result of the event





if Chloe isn't gonna become a vamp and instead a psion, her codename would be Adept instead of Countess






to help reinforce the altiverse setting, have zeppelins show up every so often
	zepplins in RC work like this:
		solar powered (panels on skin)
		lift generated by electrolyzing water vapour, then placing hydrogen into separate tanks (to reduce fire risk)
		during night time, use hydrogen fuel cells to continue to power propellers


set up a catacomb/storm drain network underneath the city; have the hideout be constructed here
	have a plotline with homeless going missing (including eliza/harpy) and then set up the Calderfolk arc from there





list of morphing powers:
	clothing and costume
		can quickly form new clothes, repair damage, clean, or change into costume
	blades
		several options - throwing knives, wrist-mounted swords, or handheld weapons. can use more exotic forms, like chain-tied knives, axes, or spears
	adhesion
		several micro-hooks form at the contact surface, allowing super-grip
	armour
		can expel more substance into the costume to thicken it
	crossbows
		can morph wrist-mounted crossbows, allowing for ranged attacks. can use blunter bolts for incapacitation, or sharp ones for kills
	grappling/rope
		can morph rope from the body; can be used with crossbows to form a grapple gun, swing from buildings, or restrain enemies
	shields
		use these when both defense and agility are needed - should typically be forearm bucklers rather than full ballistic shields unless he's covering someone else
	gliding
		morphs a cape that can rigidify on-command, and uses super-senses to detect updrafts and wind tunnels. can also use grappling to gain extra velocity (through pendulum swings or rapid reeling); can also use wall-running to gain altitude, or push self off of walls for extra speed
	caltrops
		area denial weapons, as well as anti-vehicle traps
	shock absorbers
		handwave his ability to land on his feet from a glide by saying he morphs honeycomb pads on his boots, which dissolves after landing
	parachute
		use this when he needs a slow descent, rather than gliding
	bolas
		use these for non-lethal capture - can morph them into hogties or cuffs once he catches them
	net launchers
		use these for wide-area non-lethal ranged capture
	restraints
		gags, blindfolds, handcuffs, hogties, or even hanging people by their ankles from the ceiling
	vaulting pole
		used for short-range hops
	water-walking
		pads that keep him at surface level as long as he's sprinting
	trip-lines
		clotheslines used as traps
	prosthetic makeup
		change unmasked appearance
	first aid kit
		tourniquets, splints, bandages and more
	multitools
		lockpicks, screwdrivers, spanners, crowbars
	smoke bombs
		release a burst of morphing substance as an aerosol, creating a short-lived cloud
	pseudomorph
		thin mannequin shaped like him to act as a decoy
	sound funnel
		don't use too often as it's a little goofy, but use it when he's trying to catch distant sounds


new gadgets for whiplash/gwen:
	retractable buckler - she uses her powers to direct projectiles to it
	pump-action crossbow for short range
	boomerang
	bolas - can also be used like a flail




optimates lore: different mook types:
	super-agent - basic serum user
	crusader - agent with power armour
	fenrir - serum-infused canid
	garm - cyberised fenrir
	giant/Jotunn - agent with increased stature and strength
	Titan - giant in power armour
	Psi-Agent - telepathic super-agent
	Templar - cyber-psi agent
	Hound - Junior-type mutant
	Fiend - Hound in powersuit
	Transcendant - Moxidar-level mutates



Bevan and Connor don't work for MI5 - they work for MI0 - rather, Military Intelligence Directorate Section Nil; or "Section Zero"










"Vigilant" and "Wildemann" arcs
	At some point after their falling out (likely when Connor discovers the Lobotomites (name pending)), Neumann turns Connor into one too. As Connor begs, saying he doesn't want this, Neumann says "I'm sorry, my friend... but the future of the human race is at stake. What is one man's desire to that?" and does it, saying "You'll thank me later." to himself. When Connor awakens, he asks how he feels - "Like a new man." Lobotomite!Connor says. He returns to Riverside (have this happen during the South Africa War) and they are enraged with Neumann; but Connor assures them that he's okay - in fact, even better.
	This causes trouble for his relationships; for example, he admits that though, intellectually, he knows he loves Chloe, he doesn't *feel* it like he used to. Overall, his compassion is still his driving motive, but dulled by the nanites.
	While in SAF, Bedlam (in jail after the Bedlam Incident) (btw, have Bedlam be a former nanoscientist who developed the nanites that made the Lobotomite serum as well as the uplifter for Milo; and have his Bedlam Serum be the inverse; more emotion and no logic) suggests his serum be used on Connor to cure him.
	chloe asks connor to let her restore his emotions, and he says "I do not want that to be done" "why not? You didn't want to be like this, either." "I... my judgement was clouded by my emotions."
	Chloe hesitantly does it - she has Trey and Amy hold him down while she injects him; again he begs her not to do it.
	Unfortunately, it doesn't work like she thought - Bedlam falsified the data. Instead, it turns him into a Bedlamite, who goes on a Frenzy and escapes the facility.
	They try to hunt him down, but cannot find him. Until one day, they attack a SAF base only to find it smoldering, with one wounded survivor whispering "Die Wildemann, die Wildemann..."
	Eventually they manage to track him down - turns out, the nanites are fighting each other. The Lobotomites take over in the night, while the Bedlamites work in the day - his circadian rythmn has adapted to them, with his logical brain sleeping at day, and his emotional brain sleeping at night.
	To be fair, this whole thing means Connor is tearing an absolute swathe through the SAF forces, as he can infiltrate them at night, while slaughtering in the day; never tiring. Wildemann, being so much more tied to the limbic system and the overall Id, is a far more dangerous combatant; while Vigilant, using connor's octopus-like neurons, repurposes his PNS to reinforce the CNS, massively boosting his cognition. being hyperlogical and eidetic, Vigilant can execute plans without a single hitch.
	But it's absolute hell on him, as he's torn between two mental states that cannot reconcile. Worse, he gets a small glimpse of his old self at dawn and dusk, midway through transition - enough to know that something is deeply wrong, but unable to do anything about it
	Finally however, he comes across a Namibian village that's been depopulated. Enraged, both personas are able to agree on one thing - they must be stopped. However, this quickly descends into an argument - Vigilant seeks to covertly assassinate the top brass and then stage a coup to minimises collateral damage; Wildemann wants to drive them out of Namibia by force, even if scattering them might mean more chaos in the long run. The argument is so bad that neither side can even take over properly - the circadian rythmn stops working, and Connor is paralysed with indecision - before he strikes himself in the head hard enough to shake both personas. The new plan is made - Wildemann will control the body, wreaking havoc; while Vigilant will control the head, directing the body and keeping tabs on the goings-on. They strike the SAF HQ, and destroy it.
	Finally reconciled, both personas are able to agree that balance is required - so they have Chloe remove both sets of nanites. However, there is a lingering effect - Connor is able to consciously tap into the personas when needed. In practical terms, this means he can trigger Frenzy at will, while also being able to meditate and tap into the hyperlogical thinking needed to solve complex problems.





























new powers and lore for the Werewolves:
	a nightly "hunt" ceremony - the crew run up the tallest tower in the city, and allocate their "hunting grounds" - they reconvene at sunrise to report their hunts. Trey's initiation as a full superhero involves him gliding down the tower for his first solo hunt









plot point where trey has awful headache

pov of a goon who badly wounds connor by unloading a shotgun to the face and driving a hatchet into his head - he gets gorified and his last moments are tragic. cut then to connor catching his breath and pulling the hatchet out as the cops arrive, terrifying them



new subplot!
	when Amy becomes a Werewolf, she hangs up the Stunlocke suit. Then, during a crisis that calls for all hands on deck, Bea dons the suit, becoming Stunlocke II
	think about this more - but during the Locke and Key arc, have Bea and Amy fall in love
		brilliant comedic beat ideas:
			first, have bea ask trey how he knew he liked men too, he explains he never really knew, and always knew - it's a paradox; then he realises Bea must be questioning if she likes women; advises her to ask Amy about it and Bea stammers - he clocks that Bea likes Amy. Bea makes Trey swear not to tell anyone - he nods and promises, a glint in his eye
			later, have amy approach trey and ask how he, as a bi man, is able to clock if a guy is making a pass at him or just being friendly, since her gaydar is hopeless. trey realises she's on about Bea, and she makes him swear to keep his mouth shut; again to the same reaction
			later, have Bea confide her growing attraction in Chloe, and ask her to make the same promise, to the same results
			simultaneously, have Amy and Connor on a joint op, and Amy seems a little preoccupied. Connor questions her afterwards, and she explains her and Bea had a brief moment before where she felt a little something - then swears him to secrecy again with same results

			now, have connor and chloe meet up in the wolfcave after shift (at daybreak); they hug, chat about their evening, then both are about to say what they learned, before trey bursts in and says "guys, i gotta tell you something... bea and amy like each other!"
			connor and chloe say "you knew?" in unison
			beat
			they turn to each other, while trey tilts his head. "You knew?!" the three say to each other

			shannon walks in.
			"morning guys! god, i'm glad i'm on day shift today. oh, by the way... i'm not supposed to tell anyone this, but--"
			"you know about amy and bea?" connor cocks an eyebrow
			"...uh, no i was gonna say the major asked me to hack some CIA stuff--whats going on with amy and bea?"
			heavy sigh
			trey: "this needs special attention... all units, to the planning room!"

			In the briefing room sit chloe, connor, vince, and shannon. trey is presenting
			trey: "Friends, romans, countrymen, thank you for attending this meeting... welcome to Operation Sappho's Fury!"
			shan: "....THAT'S what you're calling it?"
			vinc: "hey, i think it's kinda nice."
			trey: "Thanks, Vince. Alright, this department has pulled off a similar mission before - see Operation Get Connor and Chloe to stop Fucking Around and Actually Date"
			conn: "har har."
			trey: "this mission will be carried out via a two-pronged assault. Alpha team, consisting of Vanguard and our new teammate, codename Leprechaun--"
			vinc: "Feck yous."
			trey: "--will focus their efforts on Alpha Target, AKA Skirmisher. Leprechaun, you'll be spending the evening whipping up a fresh, homecooked meal. Vanguard, you will go undercover by arranging a joint op with Alpha Target, during which you will question her further on her feelings. Due to the stress of battle, she will be more candid with you.  Meanwhile Bravo team will consist of Adept and myself, going after Stunlocke. Adept, I want you to use your powers to--"
			chlo: "I'm not using my powers to manipulate her, Trey."
			trey: "I can't believe you'd assume such a thing! ...are you sure you can't just give her a tiny nudge?"
			chlo: "No."
			trey: "Alright, onto plan B - Adept, you will arrange a similar undercover operation with Bravo target. Use the heat of the battle to interrogate her. Meanwhile, I'll scout ahead - there's a place i've been thinking of hitting, and it's perfect. Jinx, I want you monitoring comm lines on both teams. Upon confirmation that both targets are interested, I will give the greenlight for Phase 2."
			shan: "Which is?"
			trey: "A joint operation. Deploy both targets to my location, where they will fight together. Upon completion, they will be ordered to return to base, where Leprechaun's meal should be ready and waiting."
			conn: "...this actually might be the best planned op we've ever come up with."
			trey: "i'll plan them more often, then. go get some R&R, teams - it's all hands on deck tonight!"



subplot: Pawel's sister has gone missing in the National Reception Centre in Dover
	Pawel comes to him with a request: his sister Paulina arrived in the National Reception Centre in Dover two weeks ago, and he's lost all contact with her
	Connor travels to Dover, and infiltrates the NRC. While exploring the camp, he is approached by an older man, begging him to take his wife. When Connor questions him, the man panics and rushes away. Later, the same thing happens - a woman approaches him, and says she'll do anything he wants if he takes her son away. Upon questioning, she reveals that a smuggling ring can supposedly take people out of the camp, and get them a good job and proper housing. She says they're desperate, and she's willing to take a bad job if it means her son doesn't have to stay any longer.
	Night falls, and he morphs on his costume. He sneaks into the admin building, and pours through their database to find Paulina. He discovers that a "recycling company" visits in the early hours every other morning; more interestingly, the amount of intake is far higher than the camp population suggests.
	He finds no intake or transfer documents for Paulina, but with Shannon's help, finds an incident report that mentions "Paulina Rakowski" and a guard.
	He finds the guard, and stalks him - he sees him enter a tent, and so sneaks in after him. There, the guard has cornered a young woman, from whom he demands "payment" for "protection." She tearfully begs, but he grabs her hair and forces her to her knees. At that, he feels Connor's knife at his throat. Before he can scream, Connor knocks him out.
	The guard wakes up, laid atop the roof of the admin building with Connor standing menacingly. He begs for his life, and Connor grabs him by the throat, and dangles him off the ledge. He demands to know what happened to Paulina, and the guard admits that after he tried to extort her and she refused, he had her sold to the slaver ring. The next slaver convoy will arrive in a couple hours, so he [unalives] the guard and waits for their arrival. They come, and he sneaks aboard one of their trucks.
	The convoy arrives in a dilapidated township near London. Upon arrival, the groups are separated by gender. At that point, the people realise the smugglers' true nature, and panic breaks out, with the women realising they are being selected for brothel-work. In the panic, one of the slavers draws his gun, preparing to shoot at the crowd. Connor, who used the chaos to morph on his suit, immediately intervenes, slaughtering several slavers and interrogating a survivor.
	He learns that the slavers sell to a variety of clients, and don't keep records of who's been sold - but there is a list of clients
	Connor slays the rest of the slavers, and recovers the list. He tells the people that they're welcome to settle in Drackhill for the time being, and calls the team
	They identify the largest single "buyers" - a brothel network in Lambeth, a factory complex in Tower Hamlets, and most worryingly - several hundred have been taken to a "shipping company" in Enfield - a quick background check reveals it's owned by a shell company, which is owned by another shell... which is owned by Paladin Group. The plan is set - Trey takes Lambeth, Ivan takes Tower Hamlets, and Connor takes Enfield with Sparky.
	After the ensuing carnage (all three locations had Paladin mercs guarding them), they take the rescued slaves (and the former experiments from Enfield) back to Drackhill with them. Further questioning reveals that Paulina had initially been taken to Lambeth, but escaped and is now missing. Pawel figures she can't have gone far, and heads to London to find her. Connor offers to come with - Pawel appreciates it, but instead asks that he shut down the NRC. Connor agrees, and breaks into Broadcasting House, hijacks the live feed, and reveals the slaver ring and the awful conditions of the NRC, and then publishes the list he took from the slavers. He then says he'll kill anyone who isn't arrested in 24 hours, and if the NRC isn't closed in 48, he'll tear down the walls and throw the staff off the white cliffs.
	Afterwards, MI5 threaten retaliation, but Connor counters that as a superhuman, he doesn't work for them - and he could take them on by himself. Their bluff called, they back down - but the government's propaganda machine begins spinning him as a dangerous terrorist in response, damaging his reputation
	End bittersweet - the NRC and slaver gangs are gone, but Paulina is still missing; new, less overt detention centres will be built; other bad actors will continue to exploit vulnerable migrants; and Connor's burned bridges with MI5 in a big way by threatening to go rogue.




Gordon's backstory - he found the Judge when on expedition following an occult signal. His bodyguard detail were Paladins, including the young Davis





have chloe train up on firearms - have her shooting connor with rubber bullets to justify why she gets so good at moving targets


have chloe train more post-reveal
	have her practice fighting
	have her practice shooting

at some point during the nuclear meltdown, do a homage to Spiderman Lifts the Heavy Thing (specifically, the Spectacular Spider-Man version)
	have connor pinned down under rubble. the rads have taken out his healing factor, and the whole facility is being flooded with cement to contain the melting reactor (earlier, Connor used all his strength to force control rods back into the core, stopping an explosion and mass release)
	chloe rushes in wearing an NBC suit, and tries to get him to get up
	he orders her to leave, saying she'll die, and he's not strong enough. he begs her to leave him, but she refuses
	a piece of rubble falls down, and she dives out of the way - it lands on her foot, crushing it
	through heroic willpower, connor forces himself free, ripping off one half of his torso. he carries her to safety and then collapses
	later, she wakes up in a guerney, with her foot in a cast. connor is stood with her, still missing his arm from the shoulder down.
	she admits that she got her foot broken on purpose, to motivate him to move. he's upset, saying she could've killed herself
	she rebuts him by pointing out that he gladly risks his life for other people all the time. unable to think of a counter argument, he simply sits with her. they two embrace
	later, her foot is treated with healing serum (see below)

have chloe develop healing serum - taking connor's regenerative stem cells, and finding a way to reprogram them with host DNA using her plasmid bomb technology. the new serum can heal severe injury and even partially stimulate organ and limb regrowth, but does not turn the subject into a super agent

specifically, for when the judge mentions vampires - have some incredulity from one person, only for another to say "We're in a room with an alien and a talking dog, but vampires is where you draw the line?"


a scene where the Judge is crying, and mentions that they didn't know that they kept count of how many they'd killed
	they curse the Great One, and say they cannot be called the Judge, since they cannot sit in judgement on anyone. Instead, they choose the name "Thrax" - meaning "heretic" or "one who turns from the Great One's light"

make the superheroing more heroic
	make sure we get a token rescue at least every couple of chapters


for the commandant davis reveal:
	have chloe reveal his extra 7 chromosomes to the gang, then privately look over a screen that reads "Y/Y - MATCH"
	later, in private, she explains to connor that she found more than just xeno-chromosomal similarities - specifically, a y-chromosome match, meaning the commandant is connor's father
	he's panicking, but she snaps him out of it by saying
		you're still the man i love. you're still connor. you're still the good guy. and he's still the bad guy.
	connor goes and explains this to vince (with chloe present)
	he's shocked, and says "so the fuckin' bastard who did that to laura... is the same cunt who's behind all of this shite?"
	connoe says "there is one silver lining. i always wondered what i'd do if i found my father, and now I know. I'm gonna kill him"

have the Judge confront Gordon - he's pissed
	backstory: Judge spent his whole life fanatically devoted to "The Dark Star" and was taught that such devotion would mean, upon his death, he would be remade as a creature of the Void. Instead, while dead, he experienced nothing, and so had a crisis of faith when he arose.
	When Judge came to Earth, Gordon presented himself as an avatar of the Dark Star, promising to uplift him in exchange for loyal service.


todo for book 3:
		Some time later, the Judge emails Connor with some 'cultural practices' that may help explain things - also revealing Hybrids have genetic memories, so certain things might make more sense with context


	Next chapter is all about setting up the more supey threats - starting with Harpy


after trey meets alisair (platinum twink), have this exchange (currently copied from valentines)
		"I went overboard last night, though." Trey began.
	"You go overboard every night." Connor grinned. "I mean, you found a way to brew something so intoxicating, it got past our liver."
	"I know! I'm a genius." Trey beamed. "Anyway, long story short, I woke up in some couple's bed."
	"You little skank." Connor teased. Then, his face turned serious.
	"Um... how was it?"
	"Well, they both came, as did I, so---"
	"Not like that, you fuckin' moron." Connor grinned. "I mean..."
	He sighed. Trey tilted his head.
	"What, have things been tough for you guys on that front?"
	"Not on that front, no." Connor shook his head. "She, uh... she's not exactly ready for that level of physical-ness - and hey, you know me - I'm completely fine with that. I don't care about the physical. But... there's something I'm worried about, and it's something I can't quite ask her about. See, when we got back from her place, before Glasgow, we started kissing - then, she got uncomfortable, so we stopped. Last night, we were kissing like that again - only it was less tense. It was still only kissing, but... I feel like she's trying to build herself up to... the next stage of intimacy. Whcih again, is absolutely fine with me. I love being close to her. I'm just..."
	"You're worried you'll get too excited and hurt her?" Trey tilted his head.
	"Y-yeah." Connor admitted.
	"Well..." Trey grinned. "I can assure you, despite being drunk *for us,* *and* being someone with our 'condition,' there's nothing to worry about."
	"You didn't hurt her when she was tickling you." Sparky noted.
	"That's an excellent point." Connor nodded.


for post-Oliver's funeral - have Chloe feeling pent up
	quick recap - he has a stroke at some point; it's severe enough that he's comatose. She pressures her parents to enroll him in a trial of the healing serum she's developed, but applying it to him (with a mix of VS and brain damage) causes a dysregulated activation. He grows a blade-arm, escapes, and in the end, he cuts off Connor's arm, slashes Trey's throat, and goes to kill Chloe, before regaining his senses and stopping. The boys regen enough to stand, and he begs for death, saying he doesn't know what he is anymore. Chloe tearfully apologises, but he uses his hand to gently brush her hair, saying he's grateful he got to spend those last few minutes with her - "No one else gets this."
	They exchange farewells, and Chloe OD's him on endorphins, before using an AED to stop his heart.
	Following his death, they remove the blade-arm and replace it with Connor's severed one, so that when William visits the body, it doesn't look too disfigured. They falsify the coroner's report using Bevan's proxies, and cover his death as caused by a heart attack brought on by the treatment interacting negatively with the VS and brain damage. Both parents blame Chloe, but Connor defends her by saying Oliver was already dead - she did her best to save him, and they should be thankful.

	at some point shortly after his death, have connor comfort her. she doesn't know how to process the whole thing (knowing she technically had him killed, but also grateful that she got some final moments with him, etc); connor says "there's no right way to grieve. If there were, we'd have figured it out by now."



	first, have the bit where she's feeling ill and snaps, then feels shit
	she goes out and starts a couple of fights in belson - first she beats up an attempted mugger, then later is jumped by two - one with a knife
		first, she kicks one guy in the chin
		the second guy draws his knife and slashes - she catches it in her palms, elbows him in the jaw
		The first guy grabs her from behind, so she back-headbutts him, turns around and boots him in the balls before shoving him backwards
		the second guy tries to grapple her as well, but she turns and stabs him in the gut - he falls and squeals in pain, the first books it
		She panics, and grabs the guys phone to call an ambulance - he starts choking her, and she gets a flashback, digs her thumbs into his eyes, and slams his head against the ground, knocking him out. She calls the ambulance, and hides away in an alleyway while they arrive.

		after this, Connor returns from a mission to find her sitting in the living room, shellshocked and bloodied. He worriedly asks her what happened, and she explains
		He sighs, and says he needs to sort this out for her - but summons the gang so she's not alone
		First he goes to the stabee - Jason Bradley. He lets himself into Bradley's room, flashing a police ID badge at the reception. Jason goes to panic, but Connor shushes him.
			"Holy shit, listen mate, I--"
			"Shh. You don't need to speak for this bit."
			He sighes, then sits next to him.
			"You've been a very silly boy today, haven't you? You got drunk, you were playing with your knife, and you fell, somehow stabbing yourself, whacking your head, and screwing up your eyeballs. That's very silly of you."
			Another pause.
			"That's what happened tonight, isn't it?"
			Another pause.
			"You can speak for this bit, Jason."
			"Yes! Yes, that's all that happened."
			"Good. Now, men in our line of work... we like to couch our words. Be ambiguous. But let me be very, very clear, Jason. If you go around telling people something else happened tonight... I will cut out your lying tongue, pluck out your mangled eyes, slice off your balls with a red-hot knife, and drive a drill through your kneecaps. Do I make myself clear to you?"
			"Yes! Oh god, please!"
			"I don't know... maybe I should take your vocal chords, just to make sure you don't lie about this. Or maybe your eyes - they're alreay fucked. Or maybe your balls - just to be funny."
			"I won't talk! I swear!"
			"What happened tonight?" he asks, revealing a hammer and resting it on his kneecaps
			"I-I was pissing around with my knife, and stabbed myself and fell over! That's all!"
			"Who else was with you?"
			"T-Tom Bellamy!"
			Connor rises and leaves. As he leaves, a wet patch forms over Jason's crotch.
		After this, he goes to one of the few remaining EPL hangouts.
			A man pulls a revolver on him, but Connor effortlessly disarms him, then whacks him with the gun. He asks which one Tom Bellamy is.
			No answer.
			He smashes a table. "I SAID *WHICH ONE OF YOU IS TOM BELLAMY?!*"
			The barman points at Tom.
			"Good. Now, listen - I've just had a lovely catch up with your mate Jason, and to hear him tell it, he was pissing about with his knife, before he fell over and hurt himself."
			A pause.
			"With him, I went into detail about how I would disfigure and torture him if he were to... tell lies about that. But you're a simple fella, so I'll keep it simple. You've got a daughter, right?"
			"You go near my daugter, and I'll--"
			"What? What?! You'll do what?! WHAT?!" Connor screams like Vince.
			Tom backs down. Connor takes a breath.
			"If you tell anyone anything that contradicts what I heard from Jason, I will cut off your head and mail it to your kid, so she'll grow up with the image of her daddy's bloated, torn-up face haunting her nightmares. Do I make myself clear? DO I?!"
			Tom nods, unable to speak.
			"Good. And the same goes for any other fuckers who may have heard a different version of events. Now the record's straight, I'll say goodnight, lads."
			As Connor walks away, the first man pulls out his revolver again, and shoots at the back of Connor's head. He turns to dodge the bullet, closes the gap, grabs the gun, and kneecaps the shooter.
			"A LOT OF FUCKERS HURTING THEMSELVES WITH THEIR OWN WEAPONS TONIGHT, EH?!" he roars. "DON'T FUCKIN' TEST ME!"

		After all of that, he returns to Chloe and comforts her

Flesh out Connor's childhood
	Have him learn sign language as a kid
	Have him have been in the boy scouts as a kid
		have a photo show up in his photobook



Victor & Connor bonding
	They go to the pub
	Victor's clubmates show up and begin mistreating him
	They pressure him to do cocaine
	While under the influence, Victor mouths off at Connor, and hits him.
	Connor is pissed off, and walks to the bar to calm down.
	Connor returns, and Victor tells him to go away.
	One of the clubmates says something to the effect of "go shag his freak sister"
	Victor slaps this guy, and they attack him before Connor saves him

Meet Ivan's crew:
	Morozov - the CO
	Ivan Sokolov - elite officer
	Boris Antonov - Big Guy
	Vasily Paulovich - combat engineer
	Karim Abdulhamidov - pilot


Rudi Pavlovich, Roman Polanski expy - have him hiding out in Austria, and Connor is tasked with killing him - he uncovers a connection to American businessman, Julian Kessler - Hughes's boss. Connor reveals this to the authorities, and he winds up dead in his cell - sparling a "Kessler didn't kill himself" meme
	US Presidential candidate Duncan Fischer (Trump expy) tries to ride a QAnon wave, claiming he will "Release the Kessler files"
	Fischer is backed by optimates in secret, as well as the Optimates.
	He, like Trump, runs a breakneck policy tornado, but receives criticism when it comes out that he was connected to Kessler (as well as being an obvious sleazebag)
	Impeachment attempts fail, so Connor teams up with Whisper to get his hands on the Kessler files by attending a fashion show in Italy, organised by fashion mogul Leonard Wickner (Wexner expy).
	He kills Wickner by sedating him, then hanging him from the rafters above the runway - Whisper steals the files in the chaos
	
	Expies:
	Rudi Pavlovich - Roman Polanski
	Julian Kessler - Jeff Epstein
	Duncan Fischer - Trump
	Leonard Wickner - Les Wexner
	Archibald Branbury, Duke of Ulster - Prince Andrew, Duke of York
	- Jimmy Saville
	- Rolf Harris
	- Woody Allen
	- Gary Glitter
	- Bill Clinton


have a scene where chloe goes for her bi-annual cancer screening
	overall, integrate VS into her story a little more
		have a moment where she considers the possibility of using super-serum to cure VS
		have her have a flare up - she snaps at Connor due to the mood swings, only to feel like shit
		create a new, related disorder for Bea, which causes progressive pigmentation variation
			have Bea chat to Chloe, and mention she's spotted a new vitiligo patch on her arm - have Chloe point out it's probably due to stress
			Have them be relatives - have their dads be cousins

Have the Tunguska event be the arrival of the Moxidar

have siobhan's mum show up in the street

Work on Sparky
	have him hit puberty/terrible 2s
	have him breaking into the zoo to see the wolves
	have connor realise he needs to spend time with his own kind - he books him into daycare
	finally, missy and anna get a puppy for themselves, and Sparky befriends it

Have a funny scene where the gang hangs out, Chloe yawns, and Connor suggests she "slip into something more comfortable." before providing her with a hoodie and some joggers, then being oblivious when she bursts out laughing

Boss fight: A mecha built specifically to take out Connor - it has a flamethrower, a minigun, a sonic weapon, and its hull discharges static in melee range
	Given the expensiveness, have this one come from the Optimates

Flesh out the Optimates faction
	Have the Board manipulate Connor's contracts so he takes out their competitors

have DC get nuked
	have connor defend the bomb squad while they disarm
	they breathe a sigh of relief, only for the Captain to phone and say "There's another bomb."
	ka-boom!

	ideas:
	the attack happens during a state of the union - hence why the pres, cabinet, and most state governors are present in the capitol
	Super-Agents do a rampage on the streets of the Hill, forcing a lockdown in the capitol
	the bomb is planted in a segment of the Pentagon, and
	

	Timeline for DC Collapse:
		1. Paladin attacks the Wickermast Nuclear Power Plant. There are several explosives planted, and they've caused radioactive leaking throughout the facility. Connor has to fight without his healing factor, before stopping the explosives and ending the meltdown. He passes out and is rescued
		2. When he wakes up, he learns that a reactor in Turkey had a similar meltdown, and suspects the two are connected.
		3. Later, he learns that the attack was just a ruse for them to steal enriched uranium. He begins tracking the shipment, eventually tracking it to Virginia.
		4. Finally, a chance discovery leads them to learn that Paladin has planted a bomb in the Pentagon during the SOTU. He rushes over, and then Ivan reports that an order to "Activate operation Brumaire." has come through, and several Super-Agent squads are assaulting key locations in and around DC - namely, the Pentagon, the White House, the Capitol, the Supreme Court, and Langley. One such squadron assaults the bomb squad working on disarming the Pentagon bomb. Connor questions what he should do - lead an evacuation of the Capitol, or save the bomb squad. He's ordered to save the bomb squad, the reasoning being that the other sites are all in lockdown, and he can rescue them once the bomb is defused. He does so.
		5. The Pentagon is in fact under seige by 5 squadrons. Connor takes on the one assualting the bomb section. He finally kills them as the bomb is defused, with only minutes to spare. He then goes and mops up the other 4 squadrons, and receives a call from the Captain, that goes like this:
			Captain: "Impressive, Connor. Tell me, how long do you plan to waste your time protecting these insects?"
			Connor: "I should thank you."
			Captain: "Oh? Do tell."
			Connor: "You managed to do the one thing me and the KGB couldn't - convince the Yanks that you were a threat worth killing. We're coming for you, you fascist pig."
			Captain: *audible laughing* "Oh, Connor, my dear boy. Fooling you once was a joy. Fooling you twice, the exact same way? It's a privelege."
			Connor: "What the hell are you talking about?!"
			Captain: "It seems I overestimated your intelligence... I though you would have learned from Turkey - we can multitask. See you in hell!"
		6. The phone cuts off, Connor goes pale, and rushes to the Capitol. He makes it to the George Mason Memorial Bridge, and calls Ivan.
			Ivan: "Connor! Is everything okay, bratan?"
			Connor: "THERE'S ANOTHER! THERE'S ANOTHER BOMB!"
		7. With that, Connor watches the White House, Capitol, and Supreme Court go up in smoke. He turns around, and watched the Pentagon and Langley light up too. The light blinds him, and the shockwave knocks him from the bridge down into the Jefferson memorial, where he passes out.


Establish the Rogues Gallery:
	The Broken/Unbroken
		Harpy
			Harpy is Eliza, homeless woman and friend of Connor, captured by Vacher
			Her fight:
				Connor is tracking Eliza
				Harpy flies in, uses Sonic Screech to incapacitate him
				Chloe, who was present and tracking, takes off her hearing aids, grabs Naismith's gun, and shoots at her, hitting her wing
				Connor rises, prepares the coup de grace, hesitates, she screams and flies off
		Tox
			Tox is Mo, RS's Drug Chef, kidnapped by the Patriots and twisted by Vacher
			His fight:
				He uses his Rads to deactivate Connor's healing factor, before using hallucinogenic gas to make Connor go mad
				Connor levels a multi-story car park in confusion, dirtying his image
				Tox runs away into the night
		Roach
			Roach is Owen Hooks, a random man kidnapped by Vacher. He is a carrier for FOP, and Vacher used this
			His fight:
				Connor and Sparky get the call of a horrifying bone-man on the loose
				They fight him, and their attacks do nothing
				Chloe tells him to aim for soft tissue, he does and decapitates, only for Roach to carry on fighting
				Chloe formulates a plan to draw Roach to the uni where they can use hydrofluoric acid to weaken him
				Roach wises up to the plan, and goes to attack a school
				Connor slashes his own stomach open and pours the acid over him, crippling him and sending him running. Connor passes out
			Fight radio dialogue:
				Connor: "Uh, Ivan? The hostile is a big skeleton."
				*ivan shoots him, bullet bounces off.*
				Ivan: "Correction, tovarishch. It's a big skeleton that we *can't fucking kill.*"
				Connor: "Chloe, I'm currently tangling with an immovable object, and I don't think I'm an unstoppable force!"
				Chloe: "His skin - it looks similar to Fibrodysplasia Occificans progressiva."
				Connor: (sarcastically) "Oh, of course."
				*Chloe facepalms.* "There should be some soft tissue on the joints and around the neck."
				*Connor decapitates him.*
				Connor: "Hey guys? Petition to change my superhero name to 'Unstoppable Force'"
				*audible groans over the radio, but the Roach rises and uppercuts Connor, sending him flying
				Connor: "Scratch that! Hostile still active!"
		Blitz
			Blitz is Luke Miller, an American merc who was wounded in a fight with Super-Agents and given an Offer he couldn't refuse
			His fight:
				He throws trick-grenades at Connor, overwhelming him
				Connor nearly falls, but when he gets set on fire, his Rage kicks in and he lobs a car at Blitz
				Blitz panics, and Harpy swoops in and saves him
		Wraith
			Wraith is Michael Waters, a kidnapped man. Vacher flayed him and put a bonding suit on him
			His fight:
				Wraith shows up out of nowhere causing havoc. Harpy swoops in and carries him away, leading Connor on a chase into a trap - a massive incinerator. Before the oven fires up, Wraith takes Connor's form, and winks.
				Wraith then goes to Connor's and begins sabotaging his life:
					He tells Missy that she turned him into a killer by being Laverty's victim
					He tells Vince it's his fault Lorna died
					He tries to pressure Chloe into having sex with him - she shoots him in the face
					He skulks over to the flat, intent on telling Sparky he views him as a tool - Sparky smells it's not Connor and immediately mauls him
					Ivan interrogates him, but to no avail - his conditioning runs too deep
				Meanwhile, Connor's charred body finally awakes, and drags itself out of the trap. He rushes over to the safehouse.
				There, he bursts in half-dead, points at Wraith and screams "That's not me!" before passing out.
				Once fully healed, Connor interrogates Wraith. He learns that the Broken believe that killing Connor will restore their old lives. He hesitates, and gaslights Wraith into revealing their location by pointing out that if he goes there, he'll die, and Wraith will be restored.
				He then whispers to Chloe. She tells him that only the one who kills him will be restored, causing Wraith to scream and howl. She then releases him from a secure location, and he makes a beeline for the hideout.
		Full team
			Connor		Tox
			Trey		Harpy
			Sparky		Roach
			Ivan		Blitz
			The fight:
				Trey and Blitz engage in a western-style gunslinging fight
				Connor keeps his cool in his fight with Tox, focusing his electromagnetic sense to figure out what's real and what's a hallucination
				Sparky harasses Roach, evading all his hits and sending him crashing into things
				Ivan manages to score a good hit on Harpy's wings, sending her crashing
				Wraith bursts in, screaming about how Connor lied, and how only the one who kills him will be restored. Hearing this, the Broken turn on each other despite Blitz's orders
					Harpy Screams at Wraith, destabilising his suit and taking him down
					Tox sprays acid over Roach, taking him down
					Then Tox and Harpy fight - she uses her scream to take him down despite the hallucinations (AoEing on Mirror Image, basically)
					Finally, she swoops in for Connor, and he hugs her, begging her to remember who she was
					She breaks down in tears, and hugs him back, before using her sonic power to chirp "Marching through Georgia" (she played that on her flute for Connor when she was human)
					Defeated, Blitz surrenders, and begs Connor to finish the job, saying something like "They aren't the only Broken ones here."
					Connor considers it, but spares the lot. Ivan has Riverside take custody of the Broken, while Blitz is sent on a suicide mission to gather intel on the Captain. He's given a cyanide tooth, and told that if he thinks that Vacher might get his hands on him, he should use it.


Whisper's Arc
	Have Trey going after a server rack that has intel on an Optimates blacksite
	He arrives, and finds her calling card in place of the rack. The alarms go off, and he fights his way out
	The boys track her down with Siobhan's help, and she's impressed. She explains that she sold the rack to the Argentine rebels, as as it also had intel on the Junta army. When they explain their plan to attack the Optimates, she makes a deal - they help her rob a big investment firm, and she'll help out with their blacksite raid
	The heist goes off without a hitch - they steal a document containing insider info on upcoming mergers and acquisitions, which she sells to a competitor, and she donates the profits to a charity the provides humanitarian aid in warzones. The boys are impressed.
	During the blacksite raid, she's critically injured. Trey ends up saving her by giving her his blood. The boys then evacuate with their objective and her, getting back to base.
	When she recovers, Trey explains what he did for her, and she kisses him in gratitude. The two hook up, and she sneaks away when he falls asleep.
	A while later, the boys are tracking down some cargo - a flesh-clone of Connor, hooked up to a machine that produces serum. They track it down to a retrofitted BMP in southern Qinqhai, en route to be sold to rebel forces in Xinjiang/Turkestan.
	The boys set up camp for the night outside a small depot where it will be refueled the next day. Their plan is to take down the owners, steal the BMP, kill the flesh-clone, destroy the serum, and recover the machine for analysis. While camping, they hear a noise outside. They rush out, and Trey spots her calling card. Sparky tracks her down to her own hideout, and she states that she's there to destroy the machine. She spins a spiel about being inpsired by the boys to be a hero. Connor doesn't buy it, pointing out that last time she was after the same thing they were, she sold it. Trey chastises him, pointing out that she sold it to freedom fighters against a corrupt junta, when she could've sold it to any number of unscrupulous groups. Connor relents, but Sparky tells him she's hiding something from them.
	They launch their assault on the depot. Unfortunately, the sellers were prepared for this, and brought a Goliath to fight them while the BMP speeds off. The boys fight the Goliath while Whisper steals a motorbike and pursues the BMP. They manage to kill the Goliath, but it breaks Connor's legs. Trey chases after the BMP while Connor re-sets his leg and Sparky mops up the remaining forces.
	Trey makes it to the BMP, and he and Whisper kill the drivers (super-agents) and secure the vehicle. Trey mind-merges with the flesh-clone, but gets nothing out of it beyond flashes of pain. He goes to kill it, only to feel a jab in the back of his neck. He reaches, and pulls out a dart.
	Whisper apologises, saying it's nothing personal, as the neurotoxin takes effect. He tries to fight it off, but she explains that she used "enough Novichok to wipe out an army", before dragging him outside and kissing his cheek, telling him to "sleep well." His heart stops, and he enters cryptobiosis.
	He wakes up half an hour later, dazed. He sees Connor stood in front of him, arms folded. Connor helps him up, and Trey swears that if he sees her again, he'll kill her.
	The pair then track down the BMP to the rebels. The sale has been complete, implying Whisper made off with the money. They recapture the BMP.

	Much later, Connor and Chloe return home from a dinner date, only for Connor to find her calling card in their living room - this one with a mobile number scrawled onto it. He sighs, and phones the number - no answer. He has Siobhan triangulate it, and he tracks it down to an apartment complex. He scales to the roof, and finds Whisper there.
	Connor quips that she should just cut to the chase and poison him, but she instead begs for his help. She explains that her latest employers were unbeknownst to her alinged with the Phalange, have kidnapped her parents back in Beirut, and have demanded that she steal a ledger from the Arabian federal government that has a list of operatives involved in anti-Phalangist operations.
	Connor asks if she seriously expects him to believe her, and she swears that she's telling the truth, showing Connor a video of her parents in captivity.
	Connor hesitates, so she reveals a bomb collar, which she puts on and locks, before giving him the key and the detonator. She shows him how to set it up so if his heart stops for more than 5 minutes, it'll kill her. Realising she's serious, Connor brings her to Riverside.
	Siobhan checks out the collar and trigger, and confirms that it's genuine. It'll detonate if Connor's primary heart stops, if the lock is broken, if she goes out of range, or if the trigger is pulled. It can only be deactivated by Connor's voice command. The bombs are strong enough to kill a super-agent like Whisper.
	Connor quips that she probably stole it, to which she shrugs. Trey bitterly asks if she was gonna sell it. She looks away in shame.
	They make the plan - they'll steal the ledger, and exchange it for her parents. Once her parents are secure, Connor and Trey will attempt to arrest (most likely, kill) the Phalangists, and retrieve the ledger. Ivan explains that the Arabians won't be happy, but taking out a Phalangist cell and giving back the ledger will mean they'll probably call it even.
	The plan is set in motion. The squad steal the ledger without any difficulty, and head to the rendezvous site in Beirut. Her parents are there, but unfortunately, the Phalangists brought an entire squadron of Goliaths, complicating things.
	Connor, thinking on his feet, takes off his mask and puts on a grin, walking towards the Phalangists. He morphs a pair of crossbows and aims them at Trey and Whisper. They all look at him in shock, and he says to the Phalangists that his grandfather was Eamon Barrett, leader of the Catholic Defence Force. He says that he supports their Phalangist ideology, and hopes he can work with them to kill Arabian officials in exchange for an alliance with the CDF. He peppers his speech with Catholic terminology, and they seem to buy it as he walks to their side. Now behind them, he snipes two of the Goliaths, and roars "NOW!"
	Whisper fires two Novichok darts at the Goliaths. Only one remains.
	The fight is intense, but the Phalangist side is taken down and Whisper's parents are secured. Unfortunately, the Goliath manages to stab Connor through the chest, destroying his primary heart. Whisper realises what is going to happen. Connor tries to say the deactivation code, but gurgles due to lung damage.
	Trey takes a deep breath, and morphs a knife and a sewing kit. He orders Ivan to come over, and he cuts out his own heart.
	Quickly, Ivan sews the heart into Connor's chest cavity. The detonator recognises it as a heartbeat, and the countdown stops. Whisper holds Trey's body, and thanks him.
	The boys both awake as they arrive in Riverside. Whisper thanks them for saving her family, and swears she will always be indebted to them.
	Connor deactivates and unlocks the collar, before heading to Chloe, who wants to examine Trey's heart and see how it's interfacing with Connor's body.
	Meanwhile, Trey and Whisper have a moment together. She apologises again for betraying him. He tells her that if she'd been upfront, they could've conned the rebels just like they'd conned the Phalangists. He says "Next time, just be honest."
	She looks up, surprised. "Next time?"



add a bit more humour; jokes include:
	"no blacks, no dogs, no irish" "are you fucking kidding me (x3)"
	"silly putty implies serious putty" "we had that in derry, i think it was called semtex"
	"hey girl are you black friday, cos i wanna know what your fucking deal is"
		have it come up where connor mentions he was shocked to learn pickup lines were an actual thing and not just jokes you told your friends. someone asks him to do a pickup line, and he oes that
	maned wolf: not a wolf etc
	"wagwan, dickheads." "manners." "sorry. wagwan dickheads, please"
	chloe and connor struggle with jar - comical scene
	setting up Trey's tinder:
		"He in the streets/Him in the sheets"
		"Pronouns like a coughing butler: He/him"
	sparky playing poker - he always loses because he wags his tail when he gets a good hand
		maybe have this gag come in before the gang play a game together?
	"Goth night" - emo/goth night at a local club - the girls show up in cool emo costumes, the boys show up as Visigoths
		"Oh yeah, let's go kill some ROMANS--" says one of them, putting on their helmet as they spot the girls as a visual gag
		One of the sensible ones asks which one thought this would be funny, and both say "he did" and point
		Connor admits it happened when he said "Hey wouldn't it be funny if we misunderstood the assignment and showed up as visigoths" and trey dared him to - Connor agreed as long as Trey joined in
		Another sensible one asks "Do you guys ever think before you pull these jokes?" and Trey says "Yeah we normally think 'Heehee, this'll be funny'"
		Connor quips "And to be fair, we're normally right"
		then, another character shows up also in visigothic clothes, before going "ah - oops"
	chloe and bea show up wearing the same outfit, and are bemused. they then wonder if boys have the same reaction, before an imagine spot of trey and connor showing up in the same outfit, before pointing and going "oi oiiiiiiiiii!"
	connor and trey hanging out, and trey asking if their powers have any use in the bedroom. connor is grossed out, but shrugs and suggests shapeshifting can be used for exotic equipment.
		"other than that, the main way our powers would intersect is us having to be very careful not to rip our partner apart"
		"oh, shit. can that happen?"
		"I... don't think so, no. but... probably best that they go on top, just in case. oh, and we're super-flexible. that's gotta count for *something...*"
		"*gasp* we can suck our own dicks!"
		"ew"
		"have you tried?"
		"no!"
		beat.
		connor looks around, then bends.
		"oh shit - yeah, I could reach that"
		"could lick your balls, too."
		"EW! Why are you making it weird?"
		"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?!"
		they look up, and see Amy stood there in shock.
		"Hey Amy!" trey grins. "turns out, when you get your powers, you can lick your own--"
		*shk!*
		"OW!"
		Connor reveals his crossbow.
		"Toes! I was gonna say toes!"
		"Were you, now?" Amy folds her arms.
		"...there's at least one universe out there where I was gonna say toes."
	romeo and juliet joke from connor - chloe notes they're watching that play next
	if the escapeess meet up from jail, have connor jest "welcome to the Drackhill Resistance Movement" - Ivan chimes in "As People's Chairman for the All-Valley Communist Party, allow me to set the stage"

Have more downtime with other characters post-reveals.
	Overall, have the gang see more of Connor's powers in non-fight settings. Have him lift stuff for them, spot things in the faraway, etc



New chapter for post-Adept: The Greatest Fear episode
	After returning from a raid, the squad (for this episode, made of connor, sparky, judge, and whiplash) go to crash out on the sofas; however they find themselves locked in horrible, unwaking night terrors.
	Chloe and Bea (as Adept and Stunlocke II) investigate, and determine it to be psychic in origin. However, Chloe passes out in exhaustion, and wakes up comfy in her bed.
		She panics, but Connor is stood by the bedside and reassures her that it's okay, he's here. she says she's having a nightmare, but he explains that it's over now - while she was asleep, Bea found the device that MKUltra were using, and busted it. No one can remember their nightmares. She's unconvinced, but Connor kisses her and asks "does it still feel like a nightmare?"
		she shrugs, smiles, and goes downstairs. notlong after though, she has a seizure
		upon coming to, she's in a hospital bed. connor is talking to a doctor. she asks what's up
		he explains that her psychic powers are messing with her VS, making her seizures more frequent. worse, she gets a spike of paradrenaline each time she seizes, and it gets worse each time. eventually, she's gonna have a stroke and die.
		he tearfully says he can't do this - he's got the world to worry about, and can't sit here wasting away watching her die. she cries as he leaves, and sobs "you can't do this.... wait... you *wouldn't* do this."
		from that, she clocks it's the nightmare, and wakes herself up the only way she knows - jumping out of a window. she darts awake, with bea by her side. it turns out, this phenomena is only affecting Espers. then, she plans to mind-merge each sleeper and help them out

	first, she goes to rescue whiplash	
		Whiplash's nightmare is being forced by MKUltra to kill over and over again. when meeting Chloe, she howls in guilt as she tries to attack. chloe quips that she has no idea what'll happen if an Esper kills her in a dream, and so blasts her back before getting her to talk.
		Whiplash tearfully admits what happened, showing a flashback - MKUltra reused her control codes, and had her slaughter her friends - none of whom fought back.
		Chloe gets her to snap out by pointing out that when this happened before with Amy (in the incident that let Sparky talk), she hesitated and ultimately broke free. the old her was a killer, but who she was now would never betray her friends like this. "MKUltra took your past. Don't let them take your future, too!"
		Whiplash finally calms down, and wakes up

	Next, the Judge
		The Judge's nightmare has them being tormented by demons for their apostasy - turns out the Great One was real, and they're being punished for heresy.
		Chloe and Whiplash reassure them by reminding them of the reasons for their turn - that the Great One lied. But Judge cries out that clearly, given their torment now, it was all true - it was a test of faith, and they failed
		Chloe realises what to say. She points out all the Judge has done since becoming a good guy - all the lives they saved, all the justice they've brought. They ponder, and agree that any god that would send them to hell for such deeds is no Great One at all - and fight back, killing the demons. They all wake up

	Next, Sparky
		Sparky's nightmare has him gradually become unable to communicate - first losing it with everyone but fellow Espers, and then altogether. He gets captured by commandant, unable to cry out for help, and thrown back in the cage.
		Chloe reassures him by crawling into his cage and cuddling him, before reminding him that even when she couldn't understand him, she still loved him and would never abandon him - and neither would any of his friends. With that, he pictures them rescuing him, and wakes up

	Finally, Connor
		Connor's nightmare has the Optimates win, killing everyone he loves - and he has no choice but to crush them as a tyrant. After a devastating nuclear war, he rules over the last remnants of humanity with an iron fist - his own Super-Agents policing harshly the mortals.
		Upon seeing the gang, he breaks down in tears, ashamed at what he'd done. They try to tell him it's okay, but he freaks out, ordering his agents to take them away. They're all dragged to cells while the mad king rants and raves.
		Eventually, he approaches Chloe, and asks how she can be alive. She tells him it's a nightmare, and he replies "Of course. My whole life is a nightmare! Ever since I lost you all! Me! The son of a tyrant! Who killed his own mother with his first breath! *ME!*"
		She speaks softly, and asks if there was another way. He tries to excuse his crimes, but admits there was. He could've tried to rebuilt, but let himself be consumed by vengeance
		Then she smiles. "That's how you know. Because I know you - and if there was any other way, you'd've picked it."
		He says it's too late. She reaches out, holding his hand.
		"It's not too late. It's never too late. You can still unlock this cell, and make things right."
		"If I do that... then everyone I've killed... all that I've done... will have been for nothing."
		"If there's another way... it was already for nothing. So make up for it. Get up of your sorry arse, and make things right."
		He hesitates, but finally opens the cell, and wakes up


have a scene where chloe is sick and connor frets over her, causing her to snap that she doesn't need him coddling her


exchange for when chloe is tinkering with the MKUltra artifact that eventually creates Adept
	"It's some kind of psionic processor... it uses computation to charge and manipulate psychic energy."
	"Not to be cliche, but remember how you're the brains, and I'm the brawn?"
	"it's a magic computer that can cast spells."
	"thanks, honey."



Have a good long think about the Inspos of the story.
	Prototype
		Body horror
		Dark Biopunk
	Metal Gear
		Camp AF
		Conspiracies
		Musings on War
	Invincible
		Reconstructionism
		Clash between superheroics and civilian life
	X-Men
		Mutant heroes
		Social commentary
	Lucifer
		Cosmic forces
		Masquerades
	Mr. Robot
		Identity & mental health
		Hacking & vigilantes as people
	Disco Elysium
		Pain and rebirth themes
		Philosophical
	Mass Effect
		Space Opera meets Cosmic Horror
	Venom
		Flesh-based horror-power
	Deus Ex
		Tangled webs of cabals
		Cyberpunk and What is a man?
	Watch Dogs
		Hacking surveillance state
		Vigilantism and Vengeance
	Line of Duty
		Police procedural elements
		Corruption and Org. Crime
	Connor's own inspos
		Batman (dark nocturnal protector)
		Venom (shapeshifting bioweapon)
		Red Hood (red and black colour scheme, troubled childhood, willingness to kill)
		Wolverine (traumatic past, willingness to kill, bioweapon)
		Daredevil (super-senses, angst and guilt, endurance despite suffering)
		Spider-Man  (traumatic past, quippiness, agility)



dr rosenbaum seeks connor's help with serum rejection patients
chloe's grandad has stroke
connor and chloe go horseriding
zhou 'stalking' anna
arcade
	have chloe not show up - studying as she's behind on coursework
	connor asks if he's being too clingy
	connor feels shit for winning every game
		he then has fun on the Klaw
	Give Trey and Bea a moment here
	have Rico show up
have a fight between connor and captain
	have this fight result in an injury to captain - like a hand loss
		then, have this be the trigger that reveals his identity as connor's father
			after this, have them dig out a dossier detailing captain's history:
				his real name is robert davis
				his father was a grand wizard of the KKK
				he joined the CIA in 1991, as a double-agent for ODESSA
				he was deployed to Northern Ireland in 1993, tasked with infiltrating the Catholic Defence Force (CDF)
				there, he met Eamon Barrett, a leader of the group
				he became infatuated with Eamon's daughter, Lorna Barrett
				he stalked her, and cultivated a good relationship with the other leaders of the CDF
				he used this leverage to pressure Eamon to give Lorna away to him
				he then moved to America with her, abused her - she escaped
				when she returned to Derry, she realised she was pregnant, causing Eamon to kick her out and cut ties with the CDF
				Lorna moved to Drackhill to stay with Vince, and gave birth to Connor a few months later
				Captain disappeared after this


For the finale, two options:
	have Connor and Chloe be trapped by ODESSA while investigating a lead - possibly the arrival of Moxidar
		pros: less contrived
	have Connor captured, and Trey, Ivan, and Sparky incapacitated - have Chloe use Connor's tracker to save him
		pros: chloe has more agency, takes a more active role in the story



All volumes:
	Volume 1: Wolves among Sheep
		Focuses on Connor's traumatic origin, and early career as the Werewolf, as well as meeting Chloe and Sparky
	Volume 2: Gods among Men
		connor's crusade deepens, secrets are revealed, ending in the battle of belson
	Volume 3: Age of Heroes
		Reeling from Belson, the world wakes up to the new superhuman reality. facing off with ancient conspiracies, new monsters, and more - culminating in the horrifying battle between father and son
	Interlude:
		Two Man Army
			Buddy-comic with Ivan and Blitz, initially focused on liberating Eurasia; later has them traveling the globe on behalf of Riverside
				you may question why a communist loyalist commissar with a jovial nature and a more mundane combat style might get on so well with an American gun-for-hire who's always brooding and fights with gimmicks; well they have more in common than you think:
					both massive gun nuts
					both have a strong sense of honour and professionalism
					both are older soldiers who are used to more mundane war, now thrust into a sci-fi superhorror
					both reject nation and country, fighting instead for their own ideals

		Shock Therapy
			comic focused on Bea's run as Stunlocke II. Primarily focused on her, Amy, Chloe, and Shannon (think of it as a girl squad comic). Enemies are mainly Eidolon, Enisgn-Apex, SIBC, and other megacorps.

		Unbroken
			The Unbroken (Eliza/Harpy, Johnny/Twitch, Roach, Chemistress) go through therapy while trying to hunt down Vacher. The "Showstoppers" (the old circus gang, made of Goblin, Troll, Nitwit, Sulita, Tangle, Gemini, Magnifico, Spookee) also join up with the Unbroken; a line like "Us freaks gotta stick together, right?"

		ODIN's wolves
			Sparky, Whiplash, Chloe, and Whisper work together to destroy ODIN once and for all. Arc is seeded when Whisper reveals her betrayal in time for the squad to mount a counterattack. The gang are angry at her, but eventually agree to let her redeem herself, and the all-Esper team mounts an attack on ODIN

		Heretics
			Thrax and Mordred team up to stop the Order from summoning a demonic entity. they succeed, but Oxford uses the ritual to contact Malkaea

		Inheritor
			Focused on Trey's own arc trying to fill Connor's shoes in an increasingly unstable world. Culminates with the Angola War, where Trey and Bea team up to take out the South African government

		Riverside Youth
			Focused on the young heroes (Autokine, Envoy, Sentinel, later Mal/Changeling, and Bug Boy)
				some notes: add a team pet called "Spike", a 'Korlox'; an alien species of reptillian rhinobear with venomous spines. Spike isn't sapient, but is very intelligent for his species, with Thrax saying that typical Korloxes "have only three brain cells - one for eating, one for killing, and one for copulation"

	Volume 4: Time of Monsters
		6 months after the devastating loss of Connor, the Riverside Squad reunites to take the fight against Oxford and the Optimates. But when a new, freakish monster appears on their shores, everything changes
	Volume 5: War of the Beast
	Volume 6: Vichy Earth
	Volume 7: Apocalypse
	Volume 8: The Republic of Earth
	Volume 9: Wrath of the Old Gods








have a take-that to Alex Jones/Nick Fuentes types: a fascist conspiracy nut, who goes viral after claiming that the Werewolf is actually a secret agent of the 'Globalists' to "hunt down and kill anyone speaking up for hard-working Englishmen." Have him drop mention of some particular details that the general public don't know about (for instance, have him mention the KGB, or Hattab.)
	Connor becomes convinced this guy is with ODESSA, and interrogates him



Later scene - after DC, the Optimates try to recruit connor by sending Gordon, the Earl of Oxford.
	Connor basically spits in his face, telling him that he is their enemy just as much as ODESSA
	Ivan adds "Typical... capitalism in crisis, turns to fascists for help, then cries to communists for salvation. I'd laugh if it wasn't so fuckin sad!"
	"Ideological inflexibility is what got us into this mess, Mr. Sokolov."
	"Actually, it was a certain aristo's *flexibility.*"
	"Mr. Barrett, must you always play up your Rebellious Irish stereotype? It really is quite droll."
	"RAGGHG!" connor roars, red-eyed.
	"Down, boy! Save your snarls - you haven't the teeth for them. We share an enemy - we may kill each other once that is no longer the case. Stew on it, gentlemen."


In general Gordon lore
	Full name: Lord Gordon de Vere, Earl of Oxford (Lord Oxford)
	Powers: Mind control, telekinesis - Psionics
	Origin: Got his powers through an occult ritual - torturing vampires and harvesting their demon-souls.
	Motive: Absorb the Keystone to gain demigod-like power, then use said power to break the Lockstone, releasing legions of demons on Earth at his command.
	Story beats:
		Comes out he's using ODESSA and the Judge for his hunt for both Stones.
		He first meets Connor at Victor's wedding, in incognito
		Above scene, trying to recruit him
		A fight scene, where he ragdolls Connor around and tries to brainwash him, but Connor just hears "IAMYOURMASTER" over and over again - this is later explained by Connor's alien heritage - the method Gordon is using to brainwash is the same one Lulamarians use to *speak.*
			Chloe explains it thusly - "When Sparky barks and you roar, we humans have a physical reaction - but you guys don't, because you know what you're saying. Same as this - when he uses his powers, we have reactions - but you guys don't, because you know what he's saying."
		When he gets the Keystone from China (in the process, turning the Masters Shao to the heroes), he goes full one-winged angel. They chase him to Ethiopia, where the Lockstone has been hidden. A battle in the mountains results in them killing him by the skin of their teeth (Chloe delivers the final blow, using vamp-magic). In the process, the Lockstone was damaged slightly, resulting in a small-scale Awakening of the human population (0.01% of people gain powers), while also alerting Malkael, the Beast, and the Conclave to Earth's existence beyond the Veil.



rogue's gallery notes:
	Pied Piper - shows up in London leading an army of rats to take control of the city. He's taken down fairly easily. Connor takes the piss out of his name, pointing out that the pied piper killed rats, that was the whole point


	Upon breaking free from jail, he renames himself Lord Verminous, teaming up with Bug Boy. Connor quips that at least he didn't call himself Pest Controller


	villain for just before She-Wolf - Snakebite
		a few ideas:
			have connor ironically mention to amy that he wishes he didn't have his powers sometimes - he wishes he didn't have to have the responsibility to use them
			why is Sparky indisposed? simple! have snakebite shoot him too (they're together on patrol) and capture him while connor's unconscious. think about his motive for taking sparky but not connor 
				ivan sees them being loaded into separate vans, and reluctantly chooses to save connor instead of sparky. that way, there's a moment of tension where connor rages at ivan, saying he should've saved sparky instead, but ivan points out he can't hear sparky, so it makes more sense to save connor and they then work together to rescue sparky, as oppossed to saving sparky and then struggling to coordinate a rescue of connor
			consider having connor, while interrogating snakebite on sparkys whereabouts (or on his employers, if sparky is held in the rooftop/tower block snakebite is beaten in), do a forced mind merge. absolutely play up the violation of it, with snakebite bleeding from the nose and begging connor to get out of his head.
				dont have snakebite die here - instead, he's a contractor, not a paladin. MI0 (operating through MI5) take him in custody afterwards
				connor arranges with judi so that if he ever brings in any other superhumans alive, she should dose them with nmbas
			ivan and sparky both awaken in connors flat. connor rushes to sparkys side, who is upset at being captured again, explaining he was conscious enough to know he was in a cage. connor says no matter what, he'll always come and find him

			in "should've been me," have a cut to sparky in captivity. the entire gang - connor, amy, chloe, trey, bea, ivan, his mum, 217, everyone - come to rescue him. but before they approach the cage, they fizzle out, and the mauled guards return. he whimpers, closing his eyes and trying to pretend he's safe

			when connor gets sparky's whereabouts off of snakebite and crawls out of the tower, he goes to the location hes being held in, and, now having recovered enough (and sufficiently pissed off), goes full Rage and slaughters the guards. have this all happen from Sparkys pov, hearing slicing and tearing noises, watching the guards run over, open fire, and then sees gore sraying out from the corner. finally, connor arrives and tears open the cage, and sparky passes out (to wake up round connors)

		have clara's rescue happen at the beginning
		include the "i wanna know what your fucking deal is" gag when out with the gang at the horse - after trey picks up a twink with a "break the ice" pickup line, connor remarks he had no idea pickup lines were a thing and jokes the above
		naismith interrogates the boyf as below the next afternoon; connor shows up and finds out shes gone
		Snakebite is a contract killer - he's Agent J and Stinger rolled into one. First encountered when Connor gets shot on patrol - he prepares for a fight as the bullet only caused minor damage, but then collapses, desperately gasping over the radio "ivan... ivan i need help!"
		cut to ivan arriving at the scene, with Connor naked and still. he calls dr rosenbaum for medical advice as he gets him to the flat. she says it sounds like a neurotoxin, and tells him to dig out the bullet and test it, while also helping him breathe via chest compressions
		he wakes up confused in ivan's flat. he's wearing a dressing gown - ivan explains he was naked when he found him. he explain that the bullet was laced with a neuromuscular blocking agent (NMBA), similar to curare or cobra venom. connor points out that he should be immune; ivan retorts that there's enough toxin in his system to take out a herd of elephants. he tries shapeshifting, but it doesn't work. he feels weak too - almost human again. ivan explains what happened, and that it's not safe for him to go back out - connor retorts that a crazy sniper is on the loose - "you know, aside from you" he quips - and takes the crusader suit for a spin; saying "commissioning that suit was fucking prescient"
		ivan refuses to let him go out alone - so they wait until nightfall, and go out together. first, they track Snakebite down to a field site full of Super-Agents - connor and ivan kill them but snakebite escapes, and the suit runs out of power. they scale to a rooftop, connor takes the suit off (he's wearing his old urban combat costume) and they give chase (connor's strength has returned to super-agent levels)
		they manage to follow Snakebite to a rooftop perch - but he shoots at them, and they barely manage to evade. Ivan tries to get a good shot, but can't. he asks connor how long it took for the toxin to take effect; connor says about 30 seconds, ivan grins and nods, before jumping out of cover
		snakebite's first shot hits ivan in the leg. ivan ignores it and snipes the stinger out of snakebite's hand (he hits the hand, not the gun btw) - he aims for a killshot, but collapses. connor verifies hes still breathing, and he sputters for connor to take his grappling hook and finish this
		connor makes it to the rooftop, and fights him in hand to hand. eventually, connor subdues him, and has him at his mercy. rather than killing him, he grabs the stinger and shoots him in the gut. snakebite chokes, then finally goes paralytic. a group of skulls arrive, armed and dangerous - so connor knocks them out in a hardfought battle, throws snakebite into a lift, sends it downwards, and fights his way down the stairs. by the end, he's staggering and bleeding, but graps snakebite, throws him outside, and steals a skull's car, before driving off just before the cops show up. he brings snakebite to a&e (now recovered enough to shapeshift again) and tells judi he needs to be kept microdosed with NMBAs, to stop his super-agent powers from working. she asks about dosing schedules etc - he gives her one of his bullets and says "one of them made him like this - so base it off that, i guess"
		ivan wakes up two days later - connor helps him up and debriefs him


	She-Wolf - a woman Connor saves who was given serum, she develops an insane obsession with him
		touching moment in this chapter for after amy learns the truth where she walks in on connor using his supersenses and he stares at her for a bit, before saying how seeing her so completely (the flakes of her skin, the fibres of her irises, the weaving of her clothes, to each strand of hair) reminds him how much he should appreciate her.
		have her be a love martyr being nearly killed by her boyfriend; connor hears them and dives in through a window;
			her wound comes from the boyf dragging her by the hair to the mirror and insulting her, before shoving her into it
			connor shoves the boyf back. the man begs for mercy - connor, eyes aflame, goes "put your hands on me." when he refuses, he screams "PUT YOUR HAAAAAANDS ON MEEEE" and the man punches - connor replies with a smash to the gut and then the chin, breaking the man's jaw; snaps both forearms hard enough to get the bone sticking out. then, he sees she's bleeding out, so improvises a transfusion
			the cops have been called, and try to shoot connor; he ducks out of the window
			naismith interviews the boyf; he tries to spin it as connor attacked them both; naismith doesn't buy it for a second and turns off the guy's pain relief to nina's discomfort; the guy cracks, and naismith leaves it off.
			in the car, nina chews him out; he asks if she's actually defending that scum; she says no, but that's not the point - as police officers, they're meant to do one thing only - enforce the law. vigilante justice isn't their job. naismith agrees what he did was unlawful, but not immoral - she points out that half the problem with police is that they get to make unilateral decisions on morality; after all, what's stopping him from deciding a random homeless person is deserving of that kind of treatment; he says he would never do that because that would be immoral - she says "exactly. it's all down to your own conscience. now i've not been a cop for long, but if there's one thing i've learned - its that people can do terrible things." he relents
			later, he meets up with connor, who is asking about clara. he says she escaped; connor snaps and reveals that he gave her a transfusion. they argue, and naismith says he can't do this anymore. connor snaps harder, saying that the city is sick, and needs people like them to save it from itself. he asks what gives them the right to do the horrible things they do for the 'greater good' - why the ends justify the means. connor pauses, then says that it's not a right - it's a responsibility. they are aware of the horrors going on, so they have a duty to do all they can to stop it
		she becomes obsessed, and steals a gun and commits a massacre of Skulls to impress him
		Naismith investigates, with Dorsey blaming the Werewolf, but he's skeptical
		later, connor ambushes him and explains it wasn't him
		the next night, a terrified mook delivers a phone to johnny - it has a location and time for a meetup
		connor goes, and meets the woman. while trying to talk her down as she goes on about their love, he says she needs help, and she snaps that he thinks she's crazy, worrying that her therapist has been talking to him. he tries to talk her down, but she snaps, saying "there's someone else isn't there? oh, always her!" and scowls that he's 'cheating' on her with 'the bitch [he] always save[s]", and runs away. connor gives chase, but she shoots out the tires of a lorry, causing a multicar pileup on a crosroads - he is forced to save people and let her escape
			(he gets ivan and shannon to dig into her - finds out her therapist as below)
				therapist is reluctant, but connor says what shes done and asks if she wants more on her conscience. she relents, and explains the backstory
					clara was abused by her stepfather as a child, and when her mum found out, she killed him. raised bouncing from home to home, clara craves validation and affection. she has a pathological inability to self-actualise; instead latching onto a person and basing her entire identity around them. connor explains she's latched onto him after he beat up her ex (who the therapist was worried about); the therapist notes the name "she-wolf" means she's fully latched onto him. he asks how he can help her; she says she needs psychiatric help. connor notes that she can't be held safely in a psych ward - before lighting up in realisation
		later that night, while connor is hunting for her, he has sparky covertly keeping an eye on chloe. however, he gets a call from amy - who's being held hostage by shewolf
		connor shows up, and after a tense standoff, admits that amy's his sister, not his girlfriend
		she heads to the roof. amy tells him to be careful, and he sighs
		he meets her there, and they talk some more. she opens up a little about her ex-partner, and how she was diagnosed with Pathological Attachment Disorder. connor realises the true extent of her infatuation, and reluctantly hugs her. she squeezes him, before her eyes roll back, and he reveals that he's holding a syringe
		over at ivan's place, he delivers her, and they check her over with dr rosenbaum and confirm she's comatose - connor jabbed her with ketamine and Snakebite toxin. Judi admits her to the trauma ward, prescribing NMBAs and antipsychotics, then having her admitted to a psychiatric ward. she explains they're gonna push hard for a plea of insanity; she's clearly a victim here

		quotes for She-Wolf:
			"Your blood runs through my heart... every moment, I feel closer to you"

		she wolf real name; clara hart

		(summary of events)
			the hero, known as the vigilante "Werewolf", saved a civilian and gave her an emergency blood transfusion.
			She already suffered from BPD, being in an abusive relationship beforehand (more like the traditional Harley model); the side-effects of having mutant blood in her system not only gave her mild powers, but also worsened her already difficult mental health.
			She takes the name "She-Wolf", and initially goes on a killing spree to try and "impress" him (she's targeting a gang he also goes after, except he tries to be non-lethal where possible); she later manages to get in touch by leaving a burner phone with a crippled mook, who the hero finds and then calls the only contact.
			she is nervous, almost like a teenager, and asks to meet him on a rooftop.
			he does, and finds she's set up a romantic dinner for them; he asks who she is and she's confused, simply saying "i-i'm your girlfriend, silly!"; the hero is confused, and as she talks and explains her past, he realises she isn't mentally well - however when he tries to talk her down by saying "it's okay, I know it's not your fault - you're not well", she snaps hard, accusing him of thinking she's crazy, before "realising" (in scare quotes) that he must be "cheating" on her with someone else - she says "I know! It's that other little bitch you keep saving!" Then, she drops a flashbang, and vanishes
			When the hero comes to, he panics that she's gone after his crush, Chloe - so he sends his sidekick to maintain covert surveillance of her while he digs into She-Wolf's backstrory - eventually digging up her old therapist
			He ambushes her in her office, and demands access to her records etc - the therapist refuses on principle, but explains that what he's describing sounds an awful lot like erotomania
			the hero then gets a call - from his sister, who he *also* regularly rescues, but obviously doesn't think of in a romantic light
			She-Wolf, however, is unaware of his secret identity, so assumed it was his sister who he loved - she's holding her hostage
			the hero turns up, and in order to talk her down, takes off his mask
			she drops her weapon and walks towards him dreamily, saying he's "even more beautiful than [she] imagined" - the hero then lets her embrace him, only to inject her in the back - she passes out, and with the immediate threat over, keeps her sedated until he can find a cure for her powers (as with them, she's not safe to be placed in a psych ward or prison)

		once she is discharged, she takes the codename "Sovereign", resolving to stop chasing after someone she cannot be with, and instead being the kind of hero to the innocent that she fell in love with in the first place
			the name idea comes from connor saying "[she is] sovereign of [her] own destiny"


	later, after connor gets jabbed with the virus that weakens him enough to give him cancer, chloe develops a drug that weakens superagents to human levels (if given to a human, it wold cause severe atrophy and then death). they use this on shewolf, and then send her to a psych ward.
	(this same study is what develops the retrovirus they use on the commandant)

	(note on the retrovirus - connor jabs the commandant with it during a major battle. later, when connor's cancer starts getting really bad, they identify a number of black sites that the commandant could be recovering in, reasoning that he may have treatment that could save connor - while raiding these, connor gets captured)




	Syphax the Destroyer - a demon who in ancient times would posess female Espers and torment them (at the time he was active, witchcraft was seen as feminine) - a sisterhood in the Order of Lazarus created a ritual to bind him; as Conditional Magic (as Morded calls it) is more potent, they made it so the ritual requires 5 women; if a man is present, then all present forfeit their souls. In modern times, ODIN send a strikeforce of Psi-Agents to take out the sisterhood and turn Syphax into a weapon; however, Syphax instead posesses the lead Psi-Agent, slaughters his soldiers, and escapes. It reads its host's mind, and learns that the strongest mortals are in Riverside - so, it goes there, and after a short battle, posesses Trey. While fighting a demonic Trey, Mordred telepathically tells Chloe of the ritual - Thrax is swatted aside by the demon-empowered Moxidar, while Mordred desperately uses his Demonology to barely contain Syphax's power.
	Those present at the time are Chloe (Adept), Bea (Stunlocke), Gwen (Whiplash), Eliza (Harpy), and Shannon. Shannon asks what happens if a man does the ritual, and Mordred explains. She hesitates, but the others encourage her, and she gingerly steps into place. Mordred dives out of the way, and they manage to soulbind Syphax and free Trey. Now, Syphax is bound in Riverside, being housed in the old Psi-Amp.
	Shannon starts getting chatty with Syphax, who appreciates having some friendly conversation after 50,000 years. Much later, when Riverside is under attack yet again, Psi-Agents storm Shannon's workshop. Syphax's Psi-Amp detonates, killing them all. Shannon later questions if he likes her - he denies it, saying "It would be a waste to see one of such sharpness of mind be slain by these miscreants", then "if you died, I'd just be sat here for another eternity without any stimulating conversation" before finally admitting yes, he'd be sad if she was hurt. She repairs a captured Combat Mech, and retrofits the amp into it, creating a robotic host for Syphax - he refuses to actually join the team, instead becoming Shannon's bodyguard (essentially, he's a defender of Riverside, not a field agent as that'd be too OP)




multiverse arc! different AUs:
	Kid Wolf - Connor is kidnapped at 15 going-on-16, rather than 18-19. Chloe and Bea are also students at his secondary school

	Mirrorverse - Gender-flipped version of bloodhound. Sophie Barrett, her LI Lucas Derrington, and their friends Ben Jefferson, Daniel Zhou, and Kelly Morgan, take the fight against the Optimates

	Hound of God - AU where Connor is an actual Werewolf. Chloe also becomes a vamp much sooner, and the main villains are the vampires

	Vichy Earth - The Zotan Empire invaded in 1999, swiftly conquering Earth and subjecting it to brutal slavery and apartheid. Connor was shot dead by Zotan soldiers in 2015, but reanimated as a Moxidar, and joined the resistance

	Expyverse - a few different verses where Connor is a blatant expy of another supe
		Batman expy - in this verse, the barretts are very wealthy. eamon donates heavily on the side to the IRA and CDF, which is why he and geraldine were killed. connor went to live in Drackhill with Vince, who was not a crook but instead a wealthy CEO of Vulcan Ironworks. Vince later adopts Amy, who was considered a problem child after she killed her previous foster carer (vince thought that the two traumatised survivors of the outbreak might get on - he was right); and after Phil dies in a hate crime, vince fosters Trey as well. when connor is 18, vince is murdered in a mugging while the pair are out - this also has connor shot to death but he reanimates and destroys the mugger. now even more traumatised, connor inherits the position of CEO from Vince, and becomes the vigilante Vanguard, vowing to stop the crime and corruption in his city by any means necessary. in the process he discovers Super-Agents, and uses corporate warfare against Vitalis, while still meeting and falling in love with Chloe. This version also uses power-armour along with his powers, being the most physically dangerous of them all
		Spider-Man expy - this Connor had a knack for science, and went to Uni instead of being a mechanic/thief, which is where he met Chloe. His powers were activated when he pushed a kid out of the way of a car - while horribly injured, he healed remarkably quick and was discharged the following day. now empowered but with significantly less emotional baggage, he becomes the vigilante The Mutant. Notably, he's the only one with a full no-kill code; despite the increased risk, he will go out of his way to non lethally takedown super-agents, and works with chloe to develop a suppressor serum much faster than OTL
		Daredevil Expy - this variant undergoes far more trauma than even the standard does. after being taken away from laverty, the optimates kill vince in front of him and kidnap him and the others as children, turning them into Werewolves far sooner than OTL. by age 18, they've only recently broken free, having been held in prison for years up until this point, along with Sparky and 217. twisted up inside, they become embodiments of pure terror in order to make others feel what they feel. they also don't kill - but they do mutilate, then inject with serum, to ensure their prey live forever in agony and fear. very prone to a good torture sesh. a big part of their arcs is learning to be humans again, as they are taken in by Father Declan (the first human to offer them kindness in a long time) and he helps them cope with their trauma, to become less unspeakably violent, and to be more involved with the community (which also helps them track down criminals)
		Wolverine Expy - this version of Connor was kept for much longer than a week, eventually becoming something not unlike Wildemann, before breaking out with Sparky. The two became urban legends, until Connor eventually regained his sanity and they returned to his old life - but could never truly reintegrate with people who hadn't seen him in years, and could never recognise the Beast (his new name)
		Red Hood Expy - this version saw Vince gunned down by a thug at a young age - he stole the gun and killed the assailant. for a year or so after, he became the vigilante Akimbo - his powers activated when he was gunned down, only to reanimate. now superpowered, he kept his old vigilante identity and costume, being an extremely ruthless antihero. the only one of them to use guns



Malignant arc
	Connor somehow gets cancer, likely an optimates bioweapon that turns his healing factor against him
	he slowly weakens and loses his powers, but forces himself to  still fight
	tearjerker scene - chloe is examining him, and looks away to cry silently. he hugs her, and says "It's okay... you're allowed to be hurt by this, too." and they sob together
	eventually, connor realises his time is up - so he od's on skull toxin, and goes to fight the commandant. the fight is brutal. The commandant holds him, about to kill him - but looks into his steel grey eyes, and instead leaves him to die, ordering an airstrike on their position (ideally on the sea somehow)
	after the explosions, connor's lifeless, burned body sinks beneath the waves
	next volume is all about the heroes coming to terms with connor's death
	much later, a big all-hero battle against the commandant. neumann/mastermind shows up to the rescue, putting aside his differences with riverside for the greater good. still, the commandant seems unstoppable, until another supe dives into the fray. it is humanoid, but sprouts bloody tendrils in mere moments. It fights, holding off the commandant long enough for heavy artillery to arrive, shelling the commandant's army and ensuring he cannot conquer his target. he retreats in fury
	the fleshy mutant catches its breath, and takes off its mask. gasp - it's connor! but amnesiac
	quickly becomes apparent after tests that in fact, connor is in a coma - his body is being puppeteered by his cancer, which has through mind-merging by accident with him, became a sapient force for good.
	debates on what to do rage, but Mal approaches, and settles it by saying that connor clearly means a lot to a lot of people, and they have no inherent right to use him as a host (yes this is a metaphor for abortion gtfo)
	the operation is tense, but they manage to extract most of Mal, and restart Connor's cancer supression to clear the rest. Mal, now a formless ball of semisolid flesh, discovers they are so biologically developed that they can survive without a host; they shift into their new form, a horrifying blob monster, and resolve to join riverside
	when connor wakes up, chloe briefs him on everything he missed. he embraces her, sobbing about leaving her, and she cries, but says it was okay - he's back now, and they have work to do






This scene won't come up until much, much later - most likely the midpoint of Templar or maybe Monster Ops depending on when Chloe becomes a Vamp - but i'm writing it here before I forget.
	When Chloe has become a Vampire, she initially doesn't want to see Connor, fearing he'll be disgusted.
	One night, she runs off. Connor tracks her down to a cliffside, where she's considering suicide. She questions if such a fall would even kill her
	Connor begs her not to, swearing that there is still hope
	She turns to face him, revealing her blood-red eyes and pallid skin. She screams that she's a monster, and her bloodthirst will make her kill innocent people
	Connor counters that his own Berserker Rage made him feel the same way, but he overcame it - just as she will
	She says she can't overcome it, pointing out that even in Connor's worst Rages, he never wanted to kill *her* - but she feels an unbearable urge to Drain him
	He walks closer to her, and says he trusts her. She screams that he needs to stay away. She says something to the effect of "I'm not Chloe anymore! I'm a monster!"
	Connor responds by gripping her shoulders. She looks up at him, confused and tense
	He squeezes her shoulders gently to help ground her, while looking right into her eyes.
	"You are still Chloe. You are still You."
	He moves his hands down to hold hers.
	She sobs that she will kill him if he doesn't leave, that she has no choice.
	Connor gently rests his forehead on hers.
	"Then do it."
	Chloe's eyes flash red, as the Thirst begins to overtake her.
	"Tell me you hate me." she whispers, her voice possessed and ethereal.
	"I love you." he replies. He pulls her into an embrace, purposefully exposing his neck.
	She puts her mouth on his neck, but doesn't bite. She closes her eyes, and tenses them, before hugging him back.

	(remember, this is before she becomes a Vampire Lord - thus, Connor's blood smells almost intoxicating due to his powers)







Here's another vampire scene: The moment Chloe becomes a Vampire Lord
	Have her until this point working in a secluded lab with the gang as her security/jailers
	The lab is compromised, maybe attacked by the bad vampires, and the gang is forced to fight back
	In the carnage, Chloe uses her newfound Vampire powers to help the gang fight back. They manage to win, but Chloe collapses from Blood Thirst, and is on the verge of death. 
	The storage locker containing the blood packs was destoryed, and she's slipping into torpor.
	Connor begs her to feed from him, but she refuses, saying she won't be able to stop
	Finally, he says "I'm sorry" approaching her with a knife, before she passes out

	She wakes up, and asks what's going on.
	He pulls down his collar to reveal bite marks. He explains that he cut his neck so the smell of blood would be intoxicating. She drained over a gallon of his blood - he survived because he's a Hybrid, but it shut off his healing until he can regen all his blood back
	Meanwhile, she's now more than just a super-agent - Vampires are uniquely compatible with Hybrid biology, making her now a full Moxidar-Vampire

Process of Mutarch invasion:
	1: Mutarch arrives on planet. Works its way up the food chain by dissecting and consuming fauna, before kidnapping and vivisecting sapient species
	2: Mutarch enthralls a few sapients as Broodkin - typically loners or outcasts. It uses them to learn more about the planet, its governance, and its weaknesses.
	3: Mutarch begins experimenting on broodkin - either by slowly adding alien traits to thralls (going from Primal>Feral>Aberrant>Malignant), or adding native traits to broodlings (going other way), creating Hosts.
	4: Mutarch creates an infectious agent, typically a neural parasite like Brain Slugs, and distributes this in locations prime for infectious spread (water sources being common).
	5: Mutarch establishes a full Hive Cluster, staffed mainly by Broodkin and Hosts. This cluster is typically underground.
	6: Mutarch creates a "Cult", a pseudo-religious movement among Broodkin to be spread to native population. Cult is often syncretic with local religions, philosophies, and ideologies.
	7: Upon engagement of hostilities with local authorities, begins full infestation process. Initially starts by mutating local fauna to use as attack dogs, while utilising Broodkin and Hosts as soldiers and double-agents.
	8: Having successfully integrated local fauna DNA with Zennelid templates, begins production of true Zenelidd bioforms.
	9: Upon successful conquest of the planet, integrates existing population into the Cult, and begins producing Leviathans to spread to other worlds.

Some more Vamp lore:
	Lord Byron was a vampire; he was exiled from his Coven after Dr. Polidori published "The Vampyre" as it was seen as a Masq breach - he was later killed during the Greek War of Independence by Vampire agents, who covered it up as severe infection (Byron was a Daywalker)

	How vamps work:
		All Vamps are required to consume blood at least semi-regularly. A side-effect of their metabolism slowly poisons their blood, requiring them to expel it in the form of black ichor, and replace it with fresh blood. To aid in this, they are compatible with donations from virtually any mammalian blood - they can also consume blood from birds and reptiles in a pinch, though the blood of sapient beings is most tempting to them.
		Abstaining from the consumption of blood will result in hunger pangs, madness, frenzy, and death. Rarely, a vampire who abstains from consuming blood and has expelled all ichor will undergo a metamorphosis, turning them back into a mortal (though they will require a blood transfusion.)
		In addition to requiring it to survive, blood is addictive to them, due to the way paradrenaline effects vampire brains - they feel a constant need to inflict pain on others, or to consume animal flesh and blood.
		In addition, they still require normal food and drink, though their requirements for these are reduced compared to baseliners.
		Strengths:
			V
		Weaknesses:
			Vampires have a number of potential drawbacks. Not all will have the same ones. A vampire who has reduced sense-of-self (from giving in to the inner beast, for example) will have more weaknesses than a vampire who has maintained personal integrity.
			
			The vast majority of vamps experience severe pain and discomfort from UV light. At low levels of this condition, they will experience irritation and discomfort. Higher levels result in physical burns, irrational fear or rage, delirium, entering a coma-state, or outright bursting into flames. Vampires are naturally nocturnal, so even Daywalkers (vampires who do not suffer under sunlight) will still prefer to sleep in the day - though vampires only require 4 hours of sleep, so a Daywalker can still function well throughout the day/night cycle.
			Some unfortunate vamps can't even stand artificial lights.
			Indeed, this weakness also applies to all ionizing radiation, but UV light specifically causes more damage than most radiation.

			Many vampires are also vulnerable to certain 'charms' - physical objects imbued with spiritual significance. A Vampire's weakness to these objects is determined both by the faith of the wielder (where applicable) and the vampire's own loss-of-self (see below).
			Such objects include, but are not limited to:
				Garlic
				Wood (when used by a Hunter as a weapon, especially significant woods like Oak or Aspen)
				Silver
				Cold Iron (that is, an object made of >90% iron)
				Symbols of faith
					Specifically, these depend on the faith of the weilder. And if the Vamp believes in the same faith and is confident in their adherence, the effect is nullified.
					Blessed water can act liky Hollywood Acid to them.

			Some vampires cannot enter a private residence without invitation. Some cannot enter places of worship at all.

			Some cannot cross certain boundaries, like running water or salt lines. Others cannot cross a line of granulated powder without counting the grains. Neither of these restrict the vamp's ability to go around or to create an opening (by blowing the salt away for example)

			Some vampires suffer from "lack of depiction" - this can manifest in a myriad of ways, including but not limited to:
				Casting no reflection
				Casting no shadow
				Not appearing on electronic equipment - this includes voice calls
				Producing no echoes
				Visual depictions of them gradually become generic, or even blank
				Memories of their appearance become harder to mainain

			Vampires often suffer from bouts of rage, similar to Moxidars

			Vampires often suffer incurable madness, such as delusions, hallucinations, or compulsive behaviours. Such symptoms may be hard to identify due to very real phenomena of conspiracies, speaking-spirits, and superstitious rituals.

			Some vampires suffer from extreme hedonism and must make great effort to focus on tasks beyond self-satisfaction

			Many vampires suffer from hyperfixations in the heat of passion

			Some vampires develop a specific taste for a certain kind of blood - common tastes include that from corpses, virgins, children, drug users, clergy, evil people, animals, etc. They will struggle to consume blood outside of their tastes

			Some vampires are bound supernaturally to specific places, such as the place of their birth or first death; often, they must sleep in a container holding soil from this place (stereotypically, in a coffin a la Dracula.)

			Some vampires have an addiction specifically to the blood of other supernaturals, especially their own kin. They often will need to produce Dhampirs solely for the purposes of harvesting

			Some vampires are unable to produce the hypnotic component of feeding, meaning all feeding attempts are horrifically painful and memorable

			Some vampires are addicted to breaking taboos; either social, legal, or their own moral codes.

			Some vampires must not sleep in the same place they did the day before, lest they be weakened.

			Some vampires cannot feed unless the blood is given willingly (mind-control notwithstanding); others can only consume blood taken unwillingly

			Some vampires have sterile ichor - they cannot sire mortals, nor produce ghouls.

			Some vampires have a habit of becoming vectors for infection, unable to suffer the diseases but infecting all those who come near

			Some vampires must eat raw flesh at least as much as they consume blood.

			Some vampires become coldly logical, feeling very little emotion.

			Some highly unfortunate vampires develop a deep revulsion towards the idea of consuming blood. They will have to force themselves to drink, despite experiencing disgust that may make them vomit it back up. Often, they can cope by inventing rituals to 'purify' the blood.

			Some vampires suffer a strange episode after killing a person by drinking their blood; they believe they have been possessed by the person (it is unclear if this is true) and will act as if they are the person for a while.

			Some vampires, especially older ones, become suicidal, regularly exposing themselves to lethal danger.

			Some vampires spend more time with blood-bound animals over humans, feeling greater kinship with nonhumans.

			Some vampires develop an unhealthy obsession with blood itself; cutting themselves to observe bleeding, feeding slow to savour the taste, and more.

			Some vampires will use their powers at inappropriate times, such as turning invisible in a social setting or shapeshifting into a war-form while alone and unendangered.

			Shapeshifting vampires sometimes prefer to be in a nonhuman form, feeling uncomfortable in their true form.

			Many vampires, especially those who Indulge, develop sociopathy

			Vampiress who Indulge far too much risk becoming monsters; they can become mindless Wights or psychopathic Liches.

			Some vampires have tell-tale signs, such as:
				Unibrows
				Hairy palms
				Fingers with the same lengths
				Stench of decay
				Bat-like noses
				Pointy ears
				Hairlessness
				Pallor
				Extreme thinness, or, corpse-like bloating
				Long, claw-like fingernails
				All teeth becoming fangs
				Hunching back
				Softer tissues rot away, leaving a skull-like face
				Leathery skin
				Blood-red eyes
				Bloodshot eyes
				Replacement of all fluid secretions with blood
				Development of weeping pustules and sores
				Calcification of skin
				Oversized teeth
				Jaw becomes disjointed and hard to close
				Frequent bruising
				Oozing ichor from orifices
				Severe cataracts
				Development of random animal features, in particular of species associated with vamps;
					Wolves, Corvids, Bats, Spiders, Snakes
				Demonic features; scales, hooves, horns, etc
				Black veins all over


			Vampires who receive injury to the heart are paralyzed.

			Beheading a Vampire will usually kill it, but strong ones can be resurrected by having their heads submerged in blood.

			All Vampires are vulnerable to fire, and take longer to heal burns than other injuries. Most Vampires have a crippling fear of flames.

			Upon death, vampires reduce down into ashes. Said ashes can be placed into an urn, which can be enchanted to make a phylactery. Pouring fresh Ichor into the ashes can create a Blood Wraith.


		Other quirks:
			V

		Vampire Hierarchy:
			Thrall - Baseline human under enthrallment by a vamp
			Ghoul - created by vamps to serve
				Skal - monstrous zombie-creatures
				Lycan - werewolves
				Gargoyle - stony bat-men
				Revenant - ascended/uplifted ghouls, serving as seneschals
			Dhampir - half-sired vamp, less powerful but less vulnerable too
			Fledgling - full vamp, bound to a freeman (typically their sire)
			Freeman - Vamp with a full legal title - right to sire
			Hetman - Vamp with multiple Freeman vassals
			Chief - Vamp with multiple Hetman vassals - typically 'rules' small, village-sized territory
			Sheriff - Vamp in charge of a town or borough
			Mayor - Vamp in charge of a large town or small city
			Baron - Vamp in charge of a full city (and so on)
			Magister
			Lord
			Count
			Earl
			Prefect
			Strategos
			Duke
			Prince
			Petty King
			Consul
			Grand Duke
			King
			High King
			Archon
			Emperor
			Hegemon
			Councilor


Definitely not relevant to now, but musical notes:
	For Connor and Chloe pre-relationship, "Everyone but You" by Maggie Antone
	After they get together, their love theme is "Iris" by Breaking Benjamin & Diamante