Blackmarsh - once a wide open moor, and named for the dark, rich soil, it was urbanised in the 1890s only for investment to dry up during WW1 - it's now a site of severe urban decay, with dilapidated buildings and rampant crime.
Outer Blackmarsh - areas of Blackmarsh that remained as rural communities - nowadays, populated by pensioners and smallholders.
Redbridge - named for the reddish clay in the area, it saw a population boom in the 60s and 70s as migrants moved in. Racist backlash led to community tensions, culminating in the foundation of the Redbridge Syndicate in the early 2000s - a community defence organisation that acts as the de facto local government
Belson - Named after Edward Belson, a 19th century tycoon who led the charge in turning the district into a major industrial hub. Following the neoliberal turn of the 80s, it is now subject to urban decay, though less than that of Blackmarsh. Racist gangs like the English Patriotic League recruit disaffected white men in the area. It borders Redbridge, and the two gangs (EPL and RS) have been feuding for years. The exception is Belson Science Park, a modernised industrial estate home to Morland Genetics, the UK's largest Biotech firm.
Leadmouth - named for the river Lead that flows into the sea from this district, it is the beating heart of the city. Almost all major commercial business is located here, as is the city council, universtiy, and police department. The most stable, least crime-ridden, and most affluent district.
Wyrmrock - the largest hill in the area, in the centre of the city. Largely kept undeveloped as a natural heritage site.
Wickermast - a mid-sized town just outside of Drakehill, its local economy is fueled by a massive nuclear power plant. It is also home to the region's jail, HMP Wickermast.
Angleford - a seaside town outside of Drakehill, home to Angleford Docks - the largest harbour in the region. The docks used to be much more economically active, providing shipping for the booming Belson industry, but as the industry began to dry up, so did the docks. Nowadays, Angleford is known more as a tourist destination, with its scenic beaches and forests.