
Drackhill
	Old name: Draca Hyll (Dragon's Hill)

Wyrmrock
	Old name: Wyrme Rocc (Wyrm's Rock)

River Calder
	Old name: Caled Dwr (Hard Water, Brythonic)

Blackmarsh
	Old name: Blaec Mersc (Black Marsh)

Redbridge
	Old name: Raed Brycg (Red Bridge)

Angleport
	Old name: Angle Port (Port of the Angles)

Danwich
	Old name: Dena Wic (Danish Settlement)

Rexton
	Old name: Cyninges Tun (King's Town) (latinised by Normans)

Wickermast
	Old name: Wic Meste (Settlement on the Hilltop)

Caldermouth
	Old name: Caldermutha (Mouth of the Calder)

Belson
	Old name: N/A (named for tycoon Howard Belson)

Halford Common
	Old name Hjalmar's fjord


Valley geography:

Wyrmrock rises above Dartmoor. Once climbing to the peak, you reach a massive lake which collects rain clouds into itself, and flows down the mountain, into the river Calder. The valley is formed into the southwestern slope of Wyrmrock, and in the basin sits Drackhill City, divided into the poverty-stricken Redbridge, the post-industrial rusted Belson, and the wealthy commercial centre of Caldermouth. To the northeast of the valley is the rural region of Blackmarsh, named for its rich soil. West of the river are the Wyrmwoods, a stretch of forests and hills. South of the Wyrmwoods, downroad from Redbridge, is the modern industrial town of Wickermast. Closer to the coast, where Caldermouth stretches into the sea, you'll find the old market town of Danwich, the wealthy village of Rexton, and the harbour town of Angleport. A short boat's ride away is Brynmore, a drowned river valley. In Prehistoric times, this was a continuation of the valley's rolling hills; now, the old hilltops form islands: namely Polwynn, a fishing town; Pencroft, a tourist spot and maritime centre; and Mercy Isle, a 2-square-mile island off the coast, with a storied history.

Drackhill is a slightly winding valley; Wyrmrock stands tall over the east-northeast, while the valley twists slightly as you approach the coast, leading to the sea and Brynmore facing west-southwest. Sunrise and sunset are slightly later, as the sun takes longer to appear above the mountain and dissapear beneath the sea.

The modern valley coastline is formed by the valley walls stretching out diagonally from Wyrmrock towards the coast. They form perpendicular headlands either side of Brynmore Bay, while the Calder's mouth cuts through the middle. The circular coast is home to the towns of Rexton and Caldermouth to the south, and Angleport and Torbrook to the north, with the Calder Estuary in the middle, bisecting the coast. Opposite of Rexton is Pencroft, while opposite Angleport is Polwynn.


History of all landmarks:

Drackhill City
	The overall urban area of the valley, Drackhill City numbers at around 310,000 residents, and covers a roughly 29 square mile area. It is primarily divided into the "Three Towns" of Rebdridge, Belson, and Caldermouth. The River Calder runs through the centre of the city, bisecting it and dividing Redbridge and Belson. Towards the coast, the river deviates into several smaller streams, upon which Caldermouth is built, sitting at the Eastern side of the city, while Redbridge stands to the north and Belson to the south.

	Redbridge
		Founded as a Saxon settlement on the western side of the River Calder. Named for the red, clay-rich soil which was used to construct the famous Drackhill Bridge, a large, red-brick bridge that connects both sides of the Calder. For a while Redbridge was the industrial centre of the city, with its quarries and forges generating wealth for the locals; but as Belson rose to prominence in the 19th century, Redbridge fell to the wayside. By the 1950s, Redbridge underwent a rejuvination project as part of national slum-clearing efforts, including the demolition of the Drackhill Bridge and replacement with a steel one; however, embezzlement of funds led to the district being peppered with shoddy houses that often collapsed. Come the 90s, the district was home to several disparate OCGs, which were eventually defeated and subsumed by the emergent Redbridge Syndicate, which spearheaded a community revitalisation programme. By 2015, Redbridge is still heavily poor, and has the largest immigrant population of the so-called "Three Towns" of Drackhill - however, the efforts of the Syndicate have led to an increase in living standards and community harmony. Redbridgers thus often see themselves as distinct from the rest of the city, and the district council often chafes under central authority and seeks further autonomy. Redbridge has a population of 91,000. Its economy is rather diverse, and is mainly centred around retail, hospitality, and logistics - as well as fairly active public sector employment.

	Belson
		Initially an underdeveloped collection of hamlets and fields, Belson (formerly known as Halford Common) underwent a massive transformation in the Victorian era, when industrial magnate Howard Belson set up a company town in the area. By the 1920s, the Belson Company Town was officially incorporated as the Belson District of Drackhill City. Unofficially, "company rule" continued well into the 50s, when the company dissolved due to bankruptcy. Continuing as an industrial centre until the 80s, when the Neoliberal turn led to much of the district's factories going bust, and an influx of migrants alongside lower living standards led to the rise of the neo-fascist Patriotic League, a skinhead gang that quickly became one of the so-called "Big Three" gangs in Drackhill. By 2015, Belson is the most dangerous place in the valley, it being outright unsafe to walk the streets at night alone. A rivalry between the Patriots and a mafia splinter called the "Gold Tooth Grins" (named for their practice of replacing a full member's canine with a golden tooth, as well as several older members sporting Glasgow Grins from old rivalries) has only intensified the district's violence, and rampant police corruption makes the district distinctly unsafe.
		Belson has the largest number of people in the three districts of the city, numbering around 124,000. Its economy is primarily propped up by the logistics industry; large swathes of former indutrial districts are now mega-warehouses. However, it still has some remaining manufacturing; and a fairly active service-based economy.

	Caldermouth
		The wealthy southern district of the city, Caldermouth is the beating heart of the valley. Home to all major sites of commerce, including multiple shopping centres; Caldermouth also houses the Drackhill Council, which since 1989 has been a unitary authority; while technically part of Devon. Drackhill Council's authority extends over the entire valley; as such, Civic Row, a street in the centre, is home to a wide variety of important governmental buildings; including the Drackhill Valley Police HQ, the local Chamber of Commerce, the Assembly which includes the entire Valley Council and the Mayor's office, and the local Channel One building, which handles radio, television, and internet provision to the entire valley. Drackhill University College provides further and higher educatoin across the valley, along with several affliate colleges throughout the region.
		Caldermouth's life began in the Saxon times, as its position at the confluence of the river Calder's many branches made it a major market town, reinforced with the Valley Roads initiative of 1924 which built highways between Caldermouth and all other settlements in the valley. Caldermouth sits on the south bank of the river, bordering Belson and opposite Torbrook. It has the smallest population in the core city area, numbering 76,000.
		Caldermouth's ports are a major economic hub; competing fiercily with Angleport to the north. Aside from shipping, its economy includes office work, retail, public sector, and hospitality.

	Torbrook
		On the north bank of the Calder Estuary, the terrain is far more rugged and soft. As a result, the area is less urbanised than its southern sister. Torbrook is thus a neighbouring town to Redbridge, primarily being a town of commuters to the entire city, with a strong local economy. Its population sits comfortably at 19,000, making it the smallest district in the greater city area.

	The Underhill
		Sensationalist accounts of a secret underground society living underneath Drackhill City should be taken with a grain of salt. However... it is true that the city has a very vast underscape, made up of a diversity of features; a valley that gets flooded as often as Drackhill could not have a large modern city without a vast network of storm drains; many of which can be accessed through poorly-maintained manhole shafts. In the 1950s, a plan to create an underground transit system was scrapped, but the old tubelines and proto-stations still remain, and can be accessed through sealed and abandoned entry points - and with a little jury-rigging, could even have power re-provided. Not to mention a plethora of natural caves created by underground rivers; a network of tunnels first dug in the 11th century for water supply pipe maintenance; a major development craze in the 70s that led to several buildings having at least one basement level, many of which are only a short dig away from the rest of the 'Underhill' - combine such extensive subterreanea with a high population of homeless, desperate people, and it's no surprise that an underground community has formed. Derisevely called "Sewer People" by the surface-dwellers, and often dismissed as an urban legend, the transient Underhill community is hard to find a definite number on - estimates vary widely from less than 300, to over 3,000. What is not contested is that several homeless people who spend the day above ground will seek shelter in the Underhill - but rumours of entire undercity tribes, underground laboratories, and the like, are hopefully the product of overactive imaginations...


Greater Valley Area
	Outside of the city, to the western slopes of the valley, Drackhill has a largely rural spread of settlements, largely based upon branches of the Calder.

	Wickermast
		One of the few valley settlements not based upon the river Calder, Wickermast is home to a massive mining complex, which maintained operations up until the 1960s. Initially founded as a logging camp and later a small farmstead by Saxon settlers, it takes its name from its placement at the top of a hill - Wicc meaning settlement, and Meste meaning hilltop. Now a large industrial centre, Wickermast is a relatively modern town. Since the collapse of the mining industry and the neoliberal turn of the 80s, Wickermast has subsumed Belson's role as the leading manufacturer for the region, in particular known for a large number of auto manufacturers located there, as well as the UK headquarters for the Eidolon Corporation, one of the world leaders in military hardware. But most famously, Drackhill Airport, the UK's largest hybrid airfield (containing both a commercial airport and an airship hangar), sits here. Around 12,000 people live here, but around 5,000 more people commute daily from the city to the area.

	Blackmarsh
		Named for its incredibly rich soil, Blackmarsh began as a former branch of the River Calder, which dried up over the centuries and revealed lush farmland. Locals quickly capitalised on this, and the area is a major bread basket for the entire region. Human settlement is sparse, with most of the area being used for both crops and animal grazing. Animals tend to be kept in the north and west of the area, where the land is more hilled and uneven; while the southeast is home to wide stretches of stable crops. Most farms are owned by large landowners; smallholding is rare. Around 4,800 people live in the area, mainly employed in the farms or the local market square. The primary settlement is simply called Blackmarsh Town, where most non-resident farmers live.

	Danwich
		Named for the old Norse settlements in the locality, Danwich (pronounced Dannitch) is nowadays known primarily for its local attractions, hosting a number of old castles, manor houses, and chapels. It has the lowest population of all notable settlements in the valley, standing at 1,410 as of the latest census. Its economy is primarily self-sufficient, as only a single carriageway connects it to Wickermast; there are no main roads directly to Drackhill City.

	Wyrmwood
		The forests of Wyrmwood are situated on the west side of the Calder, primarily concentrated in the northern hills. Home to a large number of old oak trees, deforestation was ceased in the 11th century by the Baron of Drackhill, the Norman lord of the valley, who turned them into a public game reserve. Thus, Wyrmwood is home to a large population of deer, rabbits, and other fauna. Human settlement is intentionally kept to a minimum - only a few tiny hamlets can be found in the forests, typically towards the more developed south. At most, 70 people live in the area, though censuses have not been taken for some time.

	Wyrmrock
		The mountain at the northwest of the valley, Wyrmrock is an imposing slate hill that towers over the city and towns of Drackhill. At its peak, the River Calder, which flows through the valley, finds its source, as rainwater gathers in a crater and flows down the centre, bisecting the valley. It is a popular tourist destination, as from the peak one can see both the whole valley as well as much of the southwest. It does not have any permanent population.

	Dunmere
		In the valley's east, a large Victorian dam blocks and controls the flow of the Calder. Behind it, the Dunmere Reservoir floods the ancient Dunmere Quarry, while the dam itself, rather uniquely, has a small village built into it. Around 1,100 people live in Dunmere Dam - primarily maintenance workers and their families, as well as a small local economy. Residential blocks are divided into levels; wealthier, upmarket apartments on the upper levels, with more working-class families clustering lower down.
		Dunmere is also home to Dunmere Railway Station, which connects the northern and southern railway lines of Drackhill. Aside from a few bridges in the eastern side of the city, this is the only way trains can travel across the Calder.

Brynmore Bay
	In the Ice Age, the valley stretched on far ahead through the Channel. However, rising sea levels resulted in the former rolling hills becoming a broad strip of islands. While most are tiny islets that could at most fit a single neighbourhood and are left uninhabited, the islands of Pencroft, Bromney, Polwynn, and Mercy (also known as Lazarus Isle) are alive with settlement.

	Angleport
		Named for the relative local oddity of a large Angle settlement in the otherwise Saxon Devon, Angleport is home to the second-largest harbour in the valley. Home to an extensive fishing industry as well as some major shipyards, much of its economy is propped up by the relatively large Royal Navy presence there, which pays local shipwrights handsomely. It is home to the largest naval base in the region. As of the latest census, the population was 28,000. It is heavily tied to Polwynn across the bay; Angleport provides much of the industry and skilled labour required to maintain Polwynn's fishing industry.

	Rexton
		Sometimes jokingly referred to by locals as "The other other coastal town", Rexton is stereotypically home to the wealthy. Originally home to the manor houses of the Barons of Drackhill, it is now an upmarket, upper-class, genteel town. Locals are typically on the older side, and the average income is the highest in the region. Historically, the village was isolated from the rest of the valley due to both its placement away from the river and its lack of commercial relevance. Its permanent population is around 6,500 as of the latest census. During the holiday season, it more than doubles.

The Brynmore Islands
	Just off the cost of the valley, three islands orbit Mercy Isle - Pencroft to the southeast, Polwynn to the northeast, Bromney to the west, and Mercy in the middle.

	Pencroft Island
		Pencroft's history had for most of it been unremarkable; the local economy was primarily aquaculture, with minor pastoralism and maritime industry. However, after the Second World War and the birth of the tourism industry, Pencroft grew from a primarily rural island to a bustling small town. Sitting at 9 square miles and with a permanent population of around 4,200, Pencroft's primary relationship with the mainland is as a tourist trap, with a service-based economy.
		Pencroft stands 3 miles acros the water from Rexton.

	Polwynn Island
		Polwynn Island's history is almost identical to Pencroft's, except it never underwent the same post-war boom as its "big sister" did. As such, it also avoided the bust of the 70s, due to its far more reliable economic setup. Polwynn's economy is almost entirely propped up by the aquaculture industry; large fish farms off the coast along with whole fleets of fishing ships supply to the entire valley, from gourmet lobster to battered cod. It measures at 6 square miles and has a modest population of around 2,300.
		Polwynn stands 4 miles across the water from Angleport.

	Bromney Island
		The furthest island from the coast, Bromney's economy is correspondingly minimal; primarily a blend of the other two populated rocks; tourism and fishing together with a small local market. The local population is 1,600, and the island measures at 3.8 square miles.

	Mercy Isle
		A short boat ride off the coast, Mercy Isle is a 2.1 square mile island that began as a leper and plague colony in the middle ages. Home to a local branch of the Order of St. Lazarus, the monastery and hospital were famous across the region. During the English Reformation, the local branch officially declared itself to be non-denominational (in truth, this branch had been drifting away from its parent order for a while now), and thus was spared the wrath of both Henrian and Marian persecution. Following the Battle of the Armada, the Order leased parts of the isle to the newly founded Royal Navy, the contract remaining (in modified form) to this day. Now, the isle is home to the old monastery, a Royal Marines base, and finally a small shipyard intended for maintenance and refuelling, which primarily services the HMS Lazarus, a "supercarrier" ship designed to operate as a "floating fortress", hosting a number of aircraft, a contingent of marines along with armoured vehicles, and even a station for maintaining and repairing submarines. Thanks to this lease, the Order is fabulously wealthy.
		The Isle's population is hard to guage, but on a given day, around 1200 people are present on the isle - primarily naval staff and prisoners, with less than 50 Lazarites on the isle. Mercy Isle breaks the Calder's middle stream in half - its shape jagged slightly, with a sharp face towards the mainland, and a rounded face towards the open sea.