
First Pandaemonium
	After Naraz sucessfully finished the Chaining of Orynax, the Daemons, now directionless, launched a massive invasion of Realspace. This invasion led to the collapse of all existing galactic society; the near-extinction of the Daganites, and the foundation of Hell. On Earth, the overthrow of the Empire of Night was secured when Kemetar sacrificed the majority of vampires and psions to create the Spire of Duat, which covered Earth and the rest of the sector in the Veil, preventing further chaos. Pandaemonium was eventually driven back by the sacrifice of an entire world of Nephalem

Withering
	Collapse of the Lulamarian Golden Age, when the Curse of Malkaea ripped through the population, causing the Empire to fall. The Empire retreated to Lulamar, entering an isolationist era

First Swarm War
	No longer controlled or contained by the Lulamarians, the Zenelidds combined into a single swarm and wreaked havoc across the galaxy, only being turned back by the use of powerful Psionic Reavers, massive semi-sentient void storms that could attack the hive mind directly

Volcanic Wars
	Series of small conflicts caused by the Psi Reavers disappaiting in the Vulkanis system, resulting in the development of Vulkanoids. Ended with the sector being declared a no-go zone, and the Vulkanoids developing independently

Age of the Imperium
	The founding of the Galactic Imperium, which subjugated the Lulamarians and conscripted them into creating the Golgothan Legions.

First Zotannic War
	Joint invasion of Zotar by the Golgothan legions and the Rynnic Combinate; invasion eventually repelled. Golgothans became dissatisfied, while Zotans developed intense xenophobia

Goglothan Mutiny

Purifier War
	Ancient machines left over from the First Pandaemonium, created by Skolazzar in case organic life became unsalvageable, were awoken due to decayed programming. Several systems were rendered permanently uninhabitable, and the Imperium was finally pushed to collapse. Rynn, the former capital of the Imperium, was reduced to a nuclear wasteland. Vreggid intervention disabled the defenses of their core worlds, allowing the Talgathian Hegemony to take out their leadership and mop up the remnants.

Second Zotannic War
	Zotans took advantage of the power vacuum following from the Imperium's collapse and destroyed Lulamar; eventually were driven to a stalemate by the combined Lulamarian remnants and Golgothan forces

Defensive Doctrine era
	In response to the further genocide of their people, the Lulamarians decide to not go down without a fight. Re-subjugating their former vassals and refounding the Galactic Federation, they begin a second era of expansionism

Sol Campaign
	Series of invasions of Earth; first the Year of the Beast; then the Protectorate Era where Earth was subjugated by the Lulamarian Conclave, then the War of Solar Independence which ended in the Treaty of Alpha Centauri, ceding the 203rd Sector to the Republic of Earth; then the reignition of the Zotannic Wars leading to an invasion of Earth, repelling, and Earth finding itself allied with its former conquerors

Tiny War
	Remnant of Purifier tech reactivates, using nanotech to unleash a grey goo scenario. RoE allies with Harmonic Collective, defeating the threat

Second Pandaemonium






Humans
	hairless apes

Lulamarians
	sterile, slender aliens

Nasper
	greys

Urzolls
	ogres

Golgothans
	space orcs

Zenelidds
	bugs

Vulkanoids
	rocks

Vreggid
	slug-frog-men, cyborgs

Sarrekk
	lizardfolk

Ultharians
	carnivores (cross between lion and bear)

Xenteyans
	rodent/marsupials - fluffy kobolds

Krickari
	bird people

Daganites
	octopodes

Yodrits
	fish-men, daganite servants