
Codename: Werewolf
Powerset: Mainly physical. Superior physical attributes like strength and toughness, as well as high speed (not quite Flash level, but can sprint at more than 100mph when pushing himself)
Also has a strong healing factor - won't regenerate a limb mid-fight, but will regenerate one a couple hours afterwards. Can heal "minor" scrapes (and stabs to the abdomen are classed as minor here) during a fight (essentially, his body stops all bleeding and rapidly scars over the wound, and properly heals after the action is over)
Super-senses too - can use echolocation, and has superior vision, smell, hearing, and spatial awareness.
Super-reflexes - can slow down his perception of time to a crawl.
Has a very minor shapeshifting ability - can eject a blood-like substance from his skin which can be morphed into clothing, a costume, and weapons like knives, crossbows, claws, and even grappling hooks.

Appearance: Wears a full-body kevlar suit, which covers him from head to toe. This suit is produced by the aforementioned blood-like substance. He wears it all-black. Originally just the bodysuit with ski goggles, and a hood; he later adopts a more stylised suit with a sleeveless trenchcoat (his 'costume designer' insisted on a cape, and this was the compromise), as well as changing the goggles to lenses above his eyes. When using his powers, his eyes glow red, which refracts through the visors to produce a striking visual effect. Can also armour himself up, which ejects more of the substance to create a thick chitinous carapace that is far more resistant, but as he's literally using his own blood to make that, it weakens his stamina.

Weaknesses: Vulnerable to sonic attacks, which can paralyze him with pain. Electrical and incendiary attacks bypass most of his toughness factors, meaning they hurt more. Burns in particular take longer to heal. Radiation poisoning shuts off his healing factor, leaving him vulnerable to damage as well as mundane poisons. Also prone to going berserk mid-combat, which can be unpredictable

Origin story: Born Connor Barrett, one of three survivors of the Drackhill Incident where several mothers gave birth to stillborns and suffered severe aneurysms, the surviving babies were born with latent mutations that would be activated under extreme stress or trauma. Connor went through much trauma growing up - his mother dying in childbirth had him growing up in Ireland during the height of the Troubles, and he saw his grandparents die in a car bomb fire. Returning to foster care in England, he struggled to fit in with his peers as a young autistic boy, but was eventually adopted by his uncle Vince. Becoming a petty thief in his later teenage years, a score gone wrong lead to Vince taking the fall. A little while later, Connor was seemingly murdered by masked men, and taken to a laboratory; there, he experienced intensive torture to both activate his powers and to brainwash him into a living weapon. Upon entering a berserk state, he slaughtered his way out of the lab and eventually began a crusade against the cabal who made him, all while seeking the truth of his origins...

Personality: Dry, sarcastic, and somewhat awkward, Connor starts his superhero career as a deadly serious vigilante. Fresh from the trauma of his torture, he's more than willing to kill to get things done - however, he refuses to kill regular humans, opting to break their bones and leave them to the cops instead. Enemy super-soldiers, however, are fair game to him. Over time, as his mental health improves and he recovers slightly, he matures into a more idealistic superhero - still violent, but fighting to protect the innocent rather than for revenge. He also becomes more mellowed out, open to quipping and having fun with his job. When dealing with ODESSA, the nazi cabal who created him however, he beheads first and asks questions never. In his social life, he develops a budding romance with friend Chloe Derrington, a shy, nerdy young woman who studies biotechnology. In a twist of fate, she ends up working an internship at a laboratory secretly investigating Connor's biology to create supersoldiers for ODESSA - eventually, she discovers his secret identity following a climactic battle in the labs, and after a tense few days, joins his side fully.

Other holders of the title: The other "Drackhill Children", once their powers activate, adopt the "Werewolf" codename to refer to themselves collectively. Internally, he takes the codename "Vanguard", while his best friend Trey takes the name "Acrobat" (owing to his more agile fighting style, similar to Spider-Man), and his foster-sister Amy (more on her later) takes the name "Skirmisher" (owing to her more rage-fueled, violent style). The team pet/sidekick Sparky (more on him next) is technically one of the Werewolves, but different enough that we'll deal with him seperately







Codename/real name: Spartacus - Sparky for short
Powers: Same as the Werewolf, but with a twist - he's an actual wolf.
Origin story: Created under "Project FENRIR", a follow-on from the PROGENY operation that made the Drackhill children, Sparky (originally called Subject 6 or F6) was raised in captivity, nursed by a mutt after his wolf mother died in birth. Subject to horrible abuse by ODESSA, he was eventually rescued by Connor, and then adopted by him. Sparky's civilian identity is as Connor's oversized puppydog, while by night he accompanies him as a savage vigilante wolf. In fact, Sparky is where the Werewolf codename comes from - during their first public outing together, saving people from a burning building, after-action confusion led to rumours spreading. Some said they were saved by a man in a kevlar bodysuit; others said it was a wolf covered in chitinous armour. So as the rumours spread, it coalesced into the idea that a shapeshifting man-wolf saved their lives. This image was encouraged by the duo, as it helped mystify and muddy the waters about their true identities.

Personality: Sparky is sapient, and can telepathically communicate with fellow Drackhill Children - but only if their powers are activated, meaning for the first bulk of the story, only Connor can hear him. Sparky is fluent in English, but as a wolf with canine vocal chords, can't speak it out loud. He is still noticably intelligent and perceptive however. He is also rather childlike, what with not even being a year old when first introduced; and has a distinctly animal sense of morality. His "pack" (composed of Connor and his friends) is sacrosanct, and anyone harming them will need to get their affairs in order before Sparky tears them apart; he also is protective of the innocent. However, he is far less uncomfortable with killing than Connor is, and far more impulsive, since acting on instinct is in his nature. It takes character development before he starts to understand the value in thinking with your head over your heart. Most disturbingly for Connor, he has no compunctions against eating the dead, since after a big fight, you need the calories. This is especially difficult for Connor, since he himself has cannibalistic urges after a fight, same as Sparky. However, again, Sparky grows out of this, recognising that eating humans makes Connor uncomfortable, so he stops doing it even if he sees no moral reason to.
Despite his somewhat alien thought process, Sparky is undeniably heroic, and his adoption is the turning point for Connor's mental health - it spurs him to go beyond vengeful vigilante and into genuine heroics; and having someone who deeply, intimately understands his trauma is essential for both.
Also, he's crap at poker - he keeps wagging his tail when he gets a good hand.
(that last bit is a joke)








Codename: Stunlocke
Origin: Stunlocke isn't really a character. It's a powersuit, stolen from ODESSA and modified by Connor's allies in the KGB, to allow normal humans a fighting chance against so-called "Super-Agents" (the superpowered mooks of the setting). Originally just called the "Mk1 Powersuit", Connor was granted it by his ally Ivan (who we'll get into later) as a contingency in case he ever somehow lost his powers. However, his sister Amy stole the suit while Connor was in jail (long story), using it to cover for him on the street level while Sparky fought the superhumans and Ivan went after the conspiracy. After returning from jail, she put the suit back, but later found herself drawn to it after Connor lamented that his focus on ODESSA meant he couldn't deal with street crime anymore. One night on patrol, he overhears gunshots and rushes over, only to see the Powersuit fighting crooks. He jumps in and effortlessly takes them out, before smelling the air and realising Amy was under the suit. After a tense argument, he agreed to let her continue using it, but only if she had backup available from him, Sparky, or Ivan.
Later on, a news report has a thug who she arrested interviewed, and he says "That thing hit me right in the face, and he... stunned me or something. Gave me lockjaw, he did."
With that, Amy came up with the name Stunlocke.
Stunlocke became a partner-in-crimefighting for Connor, focusing on the street level so he could pay attention to the conspiracy. The suit was broken in a fight with the supervillian known as The Judge (more on them later), but replaced with the Mk2 upgrade later on. Stunlocke continued her vigilante crusade, but when Amy learned of her own latent mutations, she eventually chose to abandon the suit to activate her powers, becoming a Werewolf full-time.
After that, the Stunlocke suit remained in storage until a city-wide attack led to supporting character (and token normal) Bea donning the suit to help out. From that, Bea began her career as a crimefighter as Stunlocke II, while the other heroes dealt with more super-threats. Several other characters have ended up wearing the suit or derivations thereof, making Stunlocke a collective identifier for whoever's in the suit at the time.

Powers: The Stunlocke suit is very versatile. Its powered frame allows for augmentation of strength, enabling a wearer to lift up to 5 tons. It can withstand small-arms fire, can inject the wearer with stimpacks to enhance their combat prowess, can use sonar and thermal vision, and its namesake comes from its stun gloves, which apply electric shocks to its punches. It also comes with a forearm-mounted retractable shield, as well as wrist-mounted blades for lethal intent. Despite its construction, it is surprisingly agile, as its frame is compose largely of CNT fiberes which allow far more strength-per-volume, meaning the wearer can still float like a butterfly as they sting like a bee - or, Bea.
 Overall, it enhances the wearer to the point that a normal human with average physical ability can go toe-to-toe with minor superhumans and win. With training and experience, Stunlockers can give Werewolf-tier superhumans a run for their money.
Stunlocke suits can also be customised with several gadgets - for example, the heroine Jinx (who we'll discuss later) adds drone combat to her version of the suit, while Bea swaps out the blades for rubber guns and tranq rounds. Meanwhile, a couple of Cyborg characters have versions of the suit that double as life support, and integrate other advanced tech into the suit.
The Stunlocke Suit's main drawback is its expensiveness - a bespoke suit costs as much as a cheap tank, and requires regular repairs and maintenance. Fortunately, its durability make outright replacement rare. Its main combat weakness is its battery life - once its out of juice, it's nothing more than dead weight to the wearer. Cyborg characters lose this weakness, as the suit is powered by their own bioenergy - its battery life is the same as a regular hero's stamina then. Of course, that also means that EMP attacks can shut down the suit.


One thing - we'll do a dedicated segment on mooks later, but for now, there's an arc called "Locke and Key" where the Stunlocke suit gets retooled into a mass-produced version, initially so that conventional agencies can stand a chance against supervillains, but quickly devolves into a tool of state repression. That arc takes place while Bea is the Stunlocke, and ends with her shutting down the arms company that makes the suits and hunting down any remaining copycats. So a common Elite Mook/Miniboss is called an Enforcer, and they use a stripped-down version of the suit to pose a threat to supes. An advanced heavy version (simply referred to as Heavy Enforcers) is also deployed, which tends to be a miniboss-level fight for the A-listers, and a full-on bossfight for Stunlocke. So, her rogues gallery is largely normal crooks, as well as suit-wearers.








The common mook in Rotten Core is nicknamed a "Super-Agent" by the heroes (internally, they use the term Enhanced Operative). Super-Agents are most commonly fielded by ODESSA, who augments them using super-serum derived from mutant blood (long story short, when implanting a Werewolf-level mutant's blood into an adult human, the regenerative cells attempt to "fix the damage" by enhancing the host. Many die due to organ failure, but the survivors become killing machines).
They are primarily part of the "Paladin Group", ODESSA's armed wing and an international PMC conglomerate. Technically, Paladin is a front for ODESSA.
All that being said, as more groups and cabals get a hold of super-serum production capacity (typically by severing a pound of Werewolf flesh and forcing it to regenerate into a tortured, cancerous malform, then harvesting its blood continually like milk - it's all very horrific); more and more organisations start fielding Super-Agents.
Anyway, as for the Super-Agent's powerset - they have superhuman physical ability, but not to the same level as Connor or the Werewolves. Your average Super-Agent is like a mix of Captain America and Deathstroke in terms of power-level, but flounders against "true" supers except in numbers. That being said, when fighting normal humans they're absolute horror shows - it's just the power scaling in this universe makes them functionally disposable goons. So, Stunlocke or other Super-Agents would struggle with them, but A-listers like the Werewolves call slaughtering a whole squad of them a standard Tuesday evening.






Codename: Troubleshooter
Powerset: Super-Agent, with a focus on inhumanly good aim. Can claim without exaggeration to be the best sniper on Earth. He once hit a moving target in a crowded fight scene, *while parachuting down from a 200m drop* - he's that damn good.
Origin: Ivan Sokolov started his military career by becoming a Commissar in the Soviet Army (context: in this setting, Lenin was succeeded by Bukharin instead of Stalin, leading to a more democratic and egalitarian USSR which survived longer, but in the early 2000s the bureaucratic elements in the state led to Permier Kruglov taking power, who was basically Brezhnev in a lot of ways) - he was assigned to a penal battalion, recruited mainly from Gulag inmates and soldiers found guilty of dishonourable conduct. Rather than rule through fear, he inspired his men by taking to the field with them as they fought against insurgents in the crumbling USSR; this brazeness led him to go from being a Commissar-Captain of a small penal unit to Brigadier-Commissar in the 9th Motor Rifles division, where he distinguished himself in the Battle of Grozny against separatist forces by executing their cowardly general and personally leading the troops to crush the insurgent ambush, allowing a retreat of Soviet Loyalist forces. He was recruited by the KGB after this, who noted that after executing his CO, his career as a commissar was finished - instead, the growing signs that ODESSA were getting involved in the Eurasian Wars led to him investigating them. He first met Connor shortly after his escape from ODESSA, and after an initial battle (Ivan assumed he was another Super-Agent), the pair joined forces to clear an ODESSA compound. Ivan was mortally wounded in the fighting, so Connor gave him an emergency dose of super-serum, making the veteran soldier into a Super-Agent. From that, Ivan became a close ally of Connor, providing sniper support on mission as well as acting as a mentor figure. Ivan got the codename Troubleshooter when he was hanging out with the team hacker Jinx (we'll talk about her later), and she said she was troubleshooting - he jested that he shoots trouble all the time, and from that, the nickname stuck.

Appearance: Wears a kevlar bodysuit like the other supes, though unlike theirs his is actual clothes. Combined with his augmentation, he's almost bulletproof







we'll move onto some of our villains/rogue's gallery. All of these should be assumed to be Super-Agents unless otherwise specified - so their powersets are additional to that.
First, we have Marcel Vacher - codename, The Artist.
Powerset: In addition to super-agent physicals, he uses super-serum combined with his knowledge of surgery to create horrifying "works of art" - he butchers hapless victims and either uses them as cannon fodder, produces insane supervillains, brainwashes them into mass-produced slave mooks for other conspiracies, or just for the hell of it (such as making conjoined triplets that spin like ballet dancers for his amusement).
Origin: Vacher was originally scum of the earth - being a plastic surgeon who was disgraced when he was caught helping criminals escape justice by modifying their faces, he got further into the dark side by offering sickening "customisations" for human traffickers to apply to their "dolls".
One day, he was in attendance at an "auction" in Drackhill, Connor's city. Connor went on a rampage, killing most attendees and liberating the slaves there - Vacher would've died, but was saved by ODESSA and reborn through the serum. Now posessing even less scruples than before, he became a psycho-for-hire and serial... well, if he killed his victims, it'd be a mercy. Serial violator probably covers it.

Special gimmick - knowing full well that Connor hates his guts, he's taken to producing several body-doubles by carving up innocent victims and downloading his brain scan into them. As such, the original Vacher is long dead, but there are an unknowable number of them out there in the world, carrying on his legacy. Every time Connor finds one, he kills it - and two more pop up elsewhere. Vacher is somewhat unique in the rogue's gallery in that he can be killed and still reappear, a bit like the Joker only somehow even more horrific. This is important, as Connor doesn't have a no-kill rule, so recurring villains must either be not so vile as to be killed, or have some get-out-of-death-free card like Vacher.














Codename: Harpy
Powerset: Grafted wings onto back allow for flight (her bones have been hollowed to allow this - it's as painful as it sounds.) She can also project a sonic scream at enemies. While a Super-Agent, she lacks the common durability of others, and must use her flight and ranged attacks to pose a serious threat. Her wingfeathers are razor sharp, and a swipe of them can cut off a man's head. She can even launch them from afar, but has a limited supply (it takes days for them to regrow)
Origin: Originally a homeless woman who Connor knew, she was kidnapped by Vacher and brutalised, before being brainwashed into thinking that by killing Connor, she'd be returned to her original form. She initially confronted Connor on the rooftop of his HQ building - her Super-Scream being one of his vulnerabilities left him helpless, along with his fellow Werewolves. He was saved by Stunlocke (still his sister Amy at the time) and his girlfriend Chloe (who wears hearing aids - taking them out made her immune to the scream) intervening, wounding Harpy and forcing her to retreat. At their next encounter, he had Harpy at his mercy, but chose to spare her. She clawed his face and flew off, but he felt he made the right choice, unwilling to kill a victim unless absolutely necessary. Finally, her third villainous appearance had her holding hostages, so he feared he would have to kill her. But when the moment came, he instead knelt down, and offered his life in their stead. She was tempted, but when he took off his mask, her true personality broke through, and she collapsed to her knees in sorrow. Taking her in, she was eventually rehabilitated as a superheroine - indeed, she founded a programme for reformed supervillains.





Codename: Roach.
Powerset: Extreme durability. Displaying a bizzare mutation of Fibrodysplasia Occificans Progressiva, he/they (gender doesn't really matter at their point of mutilation) are encased in a super-strong exoskeleton. In addition, like the Werewolves, *every* organ is redundant - unlike the Werewolves, they have a backup brain in their chest cavity making them able to even survive decapitation - hence the name.
Origins: Roach (real name unknown) is another Vacher experiment. Driven homicidally insane by the sheer agony of their existence, they were turned loose on Drackhill. Connor fought hard, even lopping off their head, to no avail. Eventually, Connor managed to subdue them by ripping out his own stomach and using the acids to weaken the exoskeleton, allowing them to be captured. They reanimated mid-autopsy, and were again subdued, this time less horrifically through the use of chlorine gas. Realising they were unkillable, Chloe instead opted for the humane option of doping them up with endorphins derived from Connor's own endocrine system (which act as immensly powerful analgesics to boot) - this calmed Roach down enough for them to be reasoned with. Indeed, absent the agony, Roach is a deeply gentle and empathetic soul, having a soft spot for flowers, funnily enough. They were Harpy's first recruit into her programme, and served as the main damage sponge. However, if ever cut off from the painkillers, they revert to their violent persona, becoming a grave threat to anyone around.




Codename: Twitch
Powerset: Super-speed (can reach speeds in excess of 140mph when sprinting - can 'jog' at 80mph), and bioelectical attack (a bit like an electic eel - can discharge bioelectricity in short range, stunning enemies and frying electronics. Can also drain electricity from nearby outlets, and when charged enough, can release an EMP blast, or use chain lightning from further distances)
Origin: Originally young electrician's mate Tommy Smith, he was twisted by Vacher into the deranged villain Twitch. His brain being fried by his powers made him unpredictable and dangerous, but he was eventually subdued when Stunlocke II baited him into overloading himself by draining her battery, before Connor threw him into the river, making him short-circuit himself. Taking him back to HQ, he was initially scheduled for rehab, but proved almost impossible to treat due to his powers causing incurable insanity. Following a major breakout, he joined a supervillain ring and became a formidable recurring threat. Connor is tempted to put him down for good, but the combination of Twitch's own standards (he doesn't harm civilians) and Harpy's insistence that there is still a chance for him leads to him being a recurring escapee from the prison, and a semi-permanent fixture of the Rogue's Gallery








Codename: Hellfire
Powerset: Mainly just a super-agent, but skin is fireproof. Powers mainly come from equipment - flamethrower, fire axe, flare gun, molotov cocktails... you get the gist
Origin: originally a humble fireman, Jonathan Brent was kidnapped by Vacher and brainwashed into a deadly arsonist, after being tortured by receiving regular scorchmarks alongside a shot of endorphins - he became conditioned to view fire as beautiful. Insane even by Vacherling standards (only Twitch is more unhinged), he initally began spree killings of his former teammates, accusing them of extinguishing the "beautiful flame". Later, he went on a rampage, burning people alive to "liberate them."
Connor would kill Hellfire if he could - but fire being his weakness means that they often end in a draw while Hellfire escapes. However, the one time he was captured, Connor chose to spare him, and send him to rehab. Hellfire made significant progress - which unfortunately made him suicidal as he realised what he had done. Initially confined to the jail, he escaped during the mass breakout, but instead turned his talents towards vigilantism - that is, burning criminals alive. While Connor wanted to slay him, he was distracted by an alien invasion (long story) - Hellfire actually helped out a lot by using his equipment to clear out xenoflora blooms. Following this, he voluntarily returned to rehab, giving up his supervillainy and accepting life in prison.




Alright, that's the Vacherlings as they currently stand. Now, onto the next set of rogues - the Psi Agents.
Psi Agents are recruited young - often pre-puberty. They are located by low-level telepaths called Sniffers, who can detect those with psionic potential, and kidnap them. There, the children are locked in sensory deprivation tanks, with no ability to make any sound to the outside world - and informed that they will only be let out once they can psychically ask to. The vast majority perish - but those who survive are then raised to be superpowered killing machines.
Low-level Psi Agents are given Super-Serum to boost their combat abilities - they typically consist of Precogs (who use precognition to enhance their reflexes, making them very hard to hit or dodge); Guardians (who use telekinesis to project force fields around each other); Witches (who use telepathic attacks like Mindfray and Panic to confuse and disorient enemies); and Adepts (who use pure psionic energy to produce bolt attacks, or use Psi Blades offensively).
Psi Agents are primarily produced by MKUltra, a continuation of the CIA experiment that was taken over by ODESSA - specifically the Ahnenerbe division. However, MKUltra outgrew its overlords, and became an independent agency made up of Psi-supremacists, who believed that by triggering a "Psychic Awakening" they could form a new world order with their kind at the top.
Psi Agents are the rank-and-file of MKUltra, and sometimes show up as elites in other conspiracies too. Now that we've covered the faction, we can dig deeper into some of their commanders and elite named operatives.






Codename: Whiplash
Powerset: Trajectory manipulation. She primarily uses this to guide projectiles mid-air - snaring her whip around an enemy's ankle, nudging a throing knife into their aorta, or making enemy bullets veer off course. She can even reduce the momentum of incoming punches, reducing the tactical efficiency of strength-based supers like Connor.
Origin: Born as Olivia Cunningham, she was taken from her parents at just 7 years old - young even for a Psi Agent. Her potential was high enough to warrant the risk of kidnapping a middle-class girl from a first-world nation - this was done by stealing a young girl from Eastern Europe with similar appearance, then having a telepath manipulate her parents into killing the girl and then themselves - meaning Olivia Cunningham legally died that night. Spiritually too - she was forced to watch. Breaching tank containment in record time, she proved herself to be an early progidy, even killing one of her instructors in a duel. Impressed, the "Board of Directors" trained her to be a specialist assassin, and she quickly became an absolute beast with whips and throwing knives, often tying a knife to her whip mid-air to slash throats from far away. Eventually, she was contracted by supervillain Dominus to kill Connor. Their fight was brutal, as she was an experienced killer and he was still fairly new - but ended in Connor's victory when he realised his striked weren't working, so he grappled her into a bear hug, and threw them both off the roof of a building, landing onto a car below. She was gravely injured, so Connor dragged her back to his safehouse to interrogate her - but before he could get much more than the basics, she recovered enough to slash him in the face and escape.
Whiplash would be disowned by MKUltra for this failure, and so she went freelance. This meant that she and Connor rarely crossed paths, until she was hired by crime lord Monarque to help him take over Drackhill's underworld. Excited for a rematch, she faced off with Connor's protege Trey instead, where she fared much better by manipulating his acrobatic fighting style to toss him around. Eventually though, Trey got the better of her, first by trying the grappling move only for her to impale him halfway through; then by using misdirection to make her misuse her powers to give him enough momentum to knock her down. Surrendering, she was taken into custody, and agreed to work with the heroes against MKUltra. From there on, she became an on-off villain-ally, changing sides like clothes





Whisper (real name Laila Zoubir) was born in Algeria in the mid-90s. Unfortunately for her, she was detected by an MKULTRA "sniffer" (a low-level telepath sent out to detect latent psychics) and kindapped for MKULTRA experiments. She survived, and developed photokinetic powers that allowed her to turn invisible, while using Psi Vision to "see" her surroundings (being invisible, her retinas were obiously blind)
She performed a number of daring heists for MKULTRA, as well as assassinations. Eventually, she was ordered to infiltrate the heroes and steal several artifacts they had seized. She met hero Trey Morgan (Connor's protege and fellow Moxidar) and quickly developed intensive feelings for him, eventually falling in love. However, she was eventually outed as the thief who was stealing from them, and tearfully confessed before running away. Eventually, the heroes tracked her down, and a heartfelt conversation had her reveal all that MKULTRA put her through; while her connection with Trey meant she felt she couldn't go back; she then allied with the heroes to raid the MKULTRA HQ, recovering the artifacts and rescuing several test subjects, and Whisper bid them farewell. Later, she returned to their sights as a cat burglar, stealing for hire. They encountered her during an investigation into the Optimates, and she agreed to help them out; she was wounded during a battle and had to be saved through an infusion of super-serum, making her even more tough than before. Another heist had her betray Connor and Trey, as the three of them were after a dangerous weapon, she vanished with it after they secured it. Much later, she returned, begging for their help - her parents, who she had been secretly supporting with her ill-gotten gains, were being held hostage by MKULTRA remnants. One daring heist and rescue mission later, and she finally introduced herself to her parents, before joining Team Good Guy full-time, as well as exploring her and Trey's relationship further.
After a time, she reconnected with fellow agent-turned-freelancer Whiplash, and the two begrudgingly worked together to rescue and deprogram fellow MKUltra victims.







Bug Boy is another MKULTRA horror story. Born in southern Congo, he was pressed into a child soldier outfit, before his entire unit was wiped out except him by Afrikaner PALADIN mercs. He was captured and sold into slavery by them, and purchased by MKULTRA sniffers. Escaping from the labs with limited telepathy (he was scheduled to be a Sniffer, but was horrified at the idea of subjecting more people to his fate), he was eventually kidnapped by villain Marcel Vacher and tortured and mutilated even more. He ended up being infested with parasitoid ants, which he through biomanipulation and telepathy turned into a symbiotic hive inside his skin. He now directs the Hive, and uses it as his primary weapon. First he encountered the heroes after being told by Vacher that killing them would restore his normal form; after losing, they caputred him, however following from Mastermind's breakout he also escaped, and when the Zennelid Swarm invaded, he joined with them. Once the War of the Beast was over, he was recaptured, and eventually through therapy was released, becoming the superhero Myrmex. From then on, he was a loyal Riversider, and during the Lulamarian Occupation, was a Resistance member, happily fighting alongside his former enemies.
(as you can see, most of his plot relevance comes in later, more globe- and galaxy-spanning arcs - he's of limited relevance during the Capes & Cowls era of the story)












Codename: Impact
Powerset: Can produce shockwave blasts via telekinesis, and make forcefields for defence. Can also perform the regular telekinetic toolset, but with minimal control
Origins: Born Elliot Kane, in New York City, he was identified by MKUltra as a latent psion, and kidnapped at age 12. He "graduated" the programme with advanced kinetic powers, but his limited value as a covert operative led to him being passed over for promotion in favour of his fellow "graduates" Whisper and Whiplash. Enraged, he eventually betrayed the Institute, being one of the first to do so and live; and became a crook-for-hire. After Whiplash's loss to Connor, he was hired by Dominus to kill the vigilante - the fight was very hard-fought, but eventually ended in Connor's victory through endurance, as Impact tired out and Connor pushed through the forcefield to deliver a haymaker to the jaw. Now apprehended, Impact was in fact the first superhuman Connor opted to permanently house in their new HQ rather than execute; this backfired during the big breakout when he went back into organised crime. After being recaptured, he met Whiplash and Whisper, and after hearing their side of the story, abandoned his earlier resentment and joined them in their task to liberate fellow psi-agents and take down MKUltra. Despite this, he's still a brainwashed hothead with an inferiority complex, so he's prone to backsliding into crime every so often.












Codename: Frostbite
Powerset: Cryokinesis (able to reduce the temperature of target objects. When sufficiently enraged, can also perform Pyrokinesis, leading to the secondary codename for this state - Frostfire).
Can also draw in ambient moisture from the air in a 1-mile radius, making her immediate vicinity much more humid. Does this passively.
Origins: Born Halima Yusuf, in Michigan to Somali parents, she was identified by Sniffers and taken at age 14, being on the older side for MKUltra kidnappees. Her powers were considered too overt for their brand of warfare, but as the Psychic Awakening drew nearer and MKUltra became more confrontational, she was deployed to take out the heroes. Nearly killing them, she was only stopped thanks to Harpy's intervention breaking her focus, allowing Stunlocke to subdue her. She wasn't fully rehabilitated until after the Awakening was over, and so joined Riverside as a full member of their new Psi Squad.












Codename: Blink
Power: Short-range teleportation (though he insists it be called Translocation instead)
Origin: Vihaan Gupta was taken from his home in the Mumbai chawls, at age 10. An orphan, he was easy to cover up, and despite his awakening going relatively smoothly, proved to be a meek young boy with no heart for combat. Despite (or perhaps due to) repeated physical abuse, he maintained this fearful persona, eventually discovering his powers mid-abuse when he teleported himself away, before teleporting his assailant into the ground, crushing him by accident. Horrified, both by his actions and the approval of his mentors, he was pressed into service as a covert operative. Vihaan never succumbed to the conditioning of his peers, and when the Psychic Awakening began, he defected and joined Riverside to fight against them. From then on, he was a trusted operative in the new Psi Squad, along with his reformed teammates.













Codename: Envoy
Powerset: Immense telepathic ability, able to puppeteer multiple people at once. Can produce hallucinations, and has access to powerful Psi Blasts.
Origin: Princess-Elect Laeri Jalaxareen G'Sharr (Laeri for short) came to Earth entirely by accident. In-universe, Earth is shrouded by a psychic "Veil" that makes FTL into- and out of- impossible, while also protecting it from demonic invasions. Laeri's ship veered off course in a Void Storm, and she crash-landed on Earth in the winter of 2008. Immediately captured by the conspiracy, her comrades were vivsected while she was kept alive as a psychic test subject.
Laeri is a Nasper - a race of hairless, lithe aliens resembling the Grays of UFOlogy. As her title suggests, she is Princess-Elect; specifically of the planet Hazhnarr (-Elect because that planet uses a system similar to Tanistry to select heirs).
Blink discovers her during his time in MKUltra, and resolves to help free her from her prison. To that end, he enlists Riverside's help. Originally she is hateful towards humans for the torment she has experienced, but mellows out after being defeated and shown mercy. After that, she acts as unofficial leader of Psi Squad, being the most well-versed in psychic theory.












Codename: Mastermind

Mastermind (real nale Dr. Eugene van Statten) was born in Switzerland to Belgian parents - one Flemish, one Waloonian. He was a genius from a young age, mastering several fields of scientific study. He did a brief stint working on Progeny, but upon realising the potential ramifications, pulled out. Once the children were born, he put them under his protection by stationing allied operatives in Drackhill. Later on, he founded the Institute for Human Advancement; a massive NGO funded by several tech companies he had founded; it was a pioneer in transhuman studies, having developed several cybernetic implants by 2016 (when the story takes place). Statten later turned his attention to the horrible wars ongoing in the collapsed Eastern Bloc (in my AU, the Eastern Bloc fell violently, described as "Anarchy from Warsaw to Seoul"); he developed cyborg warriors from the bodies of fallen Soviet soldiers, and singlehandedly recaptured Volgograd for the USSR, before ending the anarchy in Romania (Romania being hit particularly hard by the Eurasian Wars); he rapidly expanded his control with his cyborg army; every victory meant more bodies, and thus, more soldiers. Despite his seeming pro-Soviet stance and sympathetic goals, he was met with concern by Connor, who feared he was a despot in the making. This fear became true when he seiged the UN headquarters in Geneva, along with couping the Swiss government. He held the entire UN assembly hostage during a major diplomatic summit (when most heads of state were present) and used the ensuing crisis to take over all of mainland Europe in a matter of days. Connor and co. were dispatched to rescue the Assembly and capture Statten, and they managed to do this non-lethally. The authorities wished to execute him, but Connor's intervention had him confined to life imprisonment in a prison facility out in Antarctica. While he remained in custody for a while, some time after the Demon War he was rescued by Cyborg Commandos, and took the new title "Mastermind" - he decided if mankind wouldn't accept him as a democrat, he would rule them as a dictator - for their own good, of course.
Mastermind became a recurring supervillain, often taking over entire nations before being stopped, going into hiding, only to retake another nation and try again. Eventually, Mastermind stopped his antics during an alien invasion of bug-things called Zennelids threatened all of Earth (an event called the War of the Beast), he joined forces with the heroes, and in the process regained legitimacy in a lot of people's eyes. He handled the reconstruction of America (which had suffered nuclear attacks that led to civil war) as well as allying with the newly refounded and democratised USSR, and largely chilled out after this, becoming an ally and benefactor to the heroes. Unfortunately, their relations soured following the invasion of the Lulamarian Conclave - Mastermind sided with them, becoming governor of a Vichy Earth. While covertly supporting the resistance (and collaborating largely to prevent mass death), he became despised by many anti-alien fighters (including the heroes.)
Following the revolution, his political capital was still high, so he was permitted to head the reformed Institute, but ordered to stay out of actual politics. He agreed that his mistake had always been thinking he was as good a ruler as a scientist (note he was a very good administrator, but had a tendency to over-micromanage that made him tend towards autocracy). From then on, he remained a permanent ally of the heroes.

Worth noting Mastermind opposes ODDESSA and the Optimates - his totalitarian-utilitarian ideology is inherently opposed to supremacism. One common analogy I use is "If you gave the Commandant, the Duke, and the Mastermind a button that would kill 1000 people and achieve their goals, all 3 would press it instantly. If you gave them a button that would kill them and achieve their goals, only Mastermind would press it, since his goals are not selfish. What's more, he'd chose the suicide button over the 1000 button in a heartbeat"

One funny moment I've thought of is a minion suggesting he call himself "Dr. Mastermind", only for him to dismiss it as too on-the-nose. Another moment could be a minor hero calling him "Professor Mastermind!" only for him to say "*Doctor* Mastermind. I never taught."
Or the old "Excuse me, I didn't do 3 PhDs and med school just to be called 'Mr.' Mastermind."














Codename: Blitz
Powerset: Cyborg body - replete with jetpack, hand blasters, and several gadgets
Origin: Originally a mercenary/bounty hunter, he first encountered Riverside when he was attempting to assassinate one of their targets for arrest - Connor mortally wounded him and left him for dead. Kept alive by seething resentment, he was cybernetically augmented by Mastermind's institute, creating the cyborg supersoldier Blitz.
Originally, Blitz went after Connor, but after a few skirmishes, they ended up on the same side during the Psychic Awakening and accompanying demonic incursion. After this, Blitz was recruited by Interpol as a special "Extraction agent" - basically the same as before. As a result, his rivalry with Connor simmered down as the two worked together on a few occaisions. He eventually became a full-on good guy during the Locke and Key arc, where he joined up with Stunlocke to help shut down Eidolon Dynamics. After that, he joined Troubleshooter in his campaign to end the Eurasian Wars, and when Mastermind went evil, he stood against him.
Still largely an amoral merc, Blitz notes that fighting for the good guys is better for business. Still, deep down, he'd never admit that he does it because it feels good to do good.











Codename: Edge
Powerset: cyborg body, with "monomolecular blades" allowing for extreme cutting power
Origin: Shrouded in mystery, he is first seen as a lieutenant to Mastermind. As he is developed however, it is shown that his origin was as the son of a pharmaceutical magnate in Japan, he discovered his father was part of Unit 731, and murdered him, before going on the run. Eventually joining the Yakuza to survive, he picked up a samurai gimmick when Enforcer Suits became widely available, before turning on his partners in crime as a vigilante. Badly wounded on one job, he was taken in by Mastermind and upgraded into his new form, as the right hand man of the new world order.











Codename: Goliath
Powerset: Friggin' HUGE. ODESSA super-agents sometimes field bio-augmented "Giants" which stand at 7-8 foot tall and can lift >30 tons. Goliath stands over 10 feet tall, and can lift over 100 tons. This is because he is both the largest Giant to ever be made, and he was later cybernetically augmented with an experimental exosuit.
Origin: As above. Formerly a thug for organised crime, Peter Novak was always a big lad. 6'3", he was given super-serum by some amateur surgeons to make him into a super-agent. Instead, they botched it so badly they accidentally made him into the biggest of all the Giants. In constant pain, he was recruited by Mastermind, and after demolishing a Paladin Group facility in Prague, he was gifted a cybernetic harness that turned him from a huling agonised brute into a force of nature. Goliath showed his gratitude by bulldozing out of the facility, now hopped up on adrenanline and wanting a rush. He swiftly sold his skills to the highest bidder, becoming the untouchable crime lord of much of Central Europe. Eventually though, he was taken down a peg by the Werewolves, who were able to wear him down enough for an EMP blast from Stunlocke to disable his harness. A pair of military transport choppers were required to lift him away from the scene, and he was rehoused in Devil's Island, French Guiana. Eventually however, he escaped by hijacking a navy ship, and returned to the mainland. From there, he created the Kingdom of Giants, a pseudo-cult where he augmented "aspirants" into Giants using his own blood. Eventually the Kingdom was put down, and they were all rehoused in a penal colony in Antarctica. Ruling this as his own fiefdom, Goliath continued to be an occaisional threat, while sometimes sharing an enemy with the heroes. By the time of the War of the Beast, he joined forced with Riverside against the invasion, and earned clemency. From then on, he contented himself with rulership over his icy prison.












Codename: Changeling
Powerset: Protean. Able to reform body into different shapes, assume fluid form, or even impersonate individuals. Can possess/"ride" people to make both more powerful - though the host must either consent to being "ridden", or be a brain-dead body
Origin: It's a long, gross story... After a particularly hard-fought battle with ODESSA, Connor was jabbed with an unknown serum. Confused, but needing to stay focused on the mission, he later discovered the serum had messed with his healing factor - giving him "super-cancer."
This cancerous growth slowly sapped away at his powers, until he was brought down to Super-Agent level. No longer very useful to the A-listers, he instead accompanied Bea/Stunlocke II during the Locke and Key arc, adopting the codename Ranger to reflect his necessarily different fighting style.
However, things continued getting worse, and he was eventually ambushed one-on-one by the Commandant, who is the main villain and leader of ODESSA. In the ensuing battle, Connor was mortally wounded, and the barge they were fighting on was exploded. His burned, shredded body sank beneath the waves, and Connor was dead.
...or so it seemed.
Right when all seemed lost, his cancerous growths, now sophisticated enough to interface neurologically with his subconsciousness, healed him of his wounds. Then, they dragged his body to shore. Connor was comatose and unresponsive, so the cancer did what it could to help him - it reanimated his body, possessing it as its first host.
This new creature's powers were almost lovecraftian. Recognising its "father"'s crusade against crime, it tore its way through New York in the aftermath of the Fall of DC (long story short, DC got nuked by ODESSA, collapsing the USA - this was in fact where Connor got cancer in the first place, as the radiation shut down his healing factor long enough for the serum to work). Regularly sprouting combat tendrils and other horrific manifestations, it was eventually taken in by Mastermind. Recognising the mad scientist overlord (who had not yet become a full villain) as a friend of Connor's, it joined forces with him. Upon being referred to as "malignant", it took the given name Mal, and upon hearing it be called a "teratoma", it took the codename... Terror Toma.
Mal has a very childlike brain, especially for something so horrifying. It genuinely wants to do good things, and struggles to understand why people scream at it all the time. However, under Mastermind's tutelage it became a decent superhero; when the Commandant began his invasion of New York (an event so serious, even at-the-time villains like Goliath and Twitch joined the good guys to fight him) - Mal stepped in just when all seemed lost, and managed to keep the Commandant occupied long enough for the Riverside Air Force to force the Commandant's forces to retreat.
After this, Mal took off its mask, revealing Connor's face. Chloe, his girlfriend who was devastated by his supposed death, took this hard, but eventually managed to find a solution by re-triggering Connor's immune system, causing the traumatic expulsion of Mal from his body. Now hostless and formless, Mal joined Riverside as a full member, dedicated to stopping ODESSA and protecting the innocent.















Bit of backstory - vampires in-universe are a kind of half-demon - that is, they are nonsapient demons posessing mortal hosts, merging with their souls. Vampires aren't quite undead, but it's a mistake to call them alive, either.
Of the vampire supes, we've got:
John H. Pierce/Mr. Magpie/The Starlight Slasher
Very noir vibes; originally a pinkerton agent in the US civil war, became Embraced and turned to vigilantism, developing a split personality. Mr. Magpie is a noir detective, able to use psychometry to deduce crimes; ruled by Superego; Starlight Slasher is a vigilante in the shape of a gargoyle, able to use precognition to fight with preturnatural grace; ruled by Id.

Kemetar/The Old Man
Ancient, resurrective Immortal; not a vampire, but describes them as his "cousins."
Originates from over >50,000 years ago. Played a part in the overthrow of the old Empire of Night, constructing the Spire of Duat which protects Earth from demonic invasion. Knowledgeable in ritual magic, but not a combat sorceror.

The Masters Zhang
A pair of vampires - Zhang Daozhi, son of Zhang Jue, founder of the Yellow Turbans. Expert wizard and necromancer, able to summon Jiangshi to his aid.
His son, Zhang Zhiwei, a dhampyr born in the 1850s - primarily a master swordsman, able to use minor magic to enhance his combat.

Countess/Chloe Derrington
Connor's soulmate and love interest throughout the series. Temporarily assumes the identity of Stunlocke at one point; but her true foray into superheroics beyond being scientific support staff to Riverside has her be kidnapped by vampires and Embraced, with the hope she will kill Connor in thirst while he would be unable to harm her. However, she is able to resist the thirst without harming him, and after several difficulties, Chloe comes to terms with her new nature. However an attack leaves her Withering of thirst - so Connor force-feeds her his blood, which makes her both a Super-Agent and a vampire. She develops powerful psychic abilities, including Biomanipulation allowing her to enhance and heal her allies as well as enfeeble enemies; advanced, fine-control telekinesis; telepathic abilities allowing her to read minds and implant thoughts, or hypnotise people; and her advanced vampiric abilities let her go so far as to take a demonic form when needed.













Codename: Autokine
Powerset: Autokinesis. That is, he has a wider variety of psychic abilities compared to most Psi Agents, but can only apply them to himself. He uses telekinesis and biomanipulation to give himself superior phsyical attributes as well as flight, making him the resident Flying Brick. He also uses thermokinesis to keep himself at optimal temperature; telekinesis to enhance his strength and speed; and arms himself with Psi Blades. He can use Photokinesis to turn them into laser beams from his wrists, but this is very draining.
Origin: another MKUltra psi-agent; Bobby Baines was a comic book nerd from Melbourne, who dreamed of being a superhero. That dream would come true in the worst way possible, when he became Autokine after spending a whole year in the tank - longer than any had survived before. Traumatised, he retreated into fictionality, and after learning to control his abilities, busted himself out. One of the youngest MKUltra victims, at only 15 years old, he joined Riverside but was frustrated that they refused to let him do dangerous missions, so he picked a fight with Goliath... and got his ass kicked. Afterwards, he began to accept his junior status, befriending the similar-aged Bug Boy and forming Riverside Youth with him, Envoy, Changeling, and Sentinel (more on them later)













Codename: Sentinel
Powerset: AI; 'drives' a robotic combat platform designed as an autonomous battle android. Hardware includes jetpack flight, hacking abilities, inbuilt blasters, and other gadgets - as well as being tough as nails due to CNT fibre construction.
Origin: Created by Mastermind as a defense system in the event he himself was indisposed, Sentinel quickly developed a curious persona. Their first outing had them deployed to stop a death squad in the Balkans - however, after killing the squaddies, it was confused as to what death truly meant. After some character development, it declared its desire for independence. Mastermind permitted this, and it joined Riverside Youth as their tech specialist. When Mastermind went fully supervillain, he demanded Sentinel help him - but Sentinel refused, citing its newfound friendships. Hurt, Mastermind tried to shut it down, but the intervention of Riverside Youth made him realise that he'd been treating Sentinel as a tool, when what it needed was a father. Calmed, he allowed it to remain in Riverside's posession, even praising it when it thwarted one of his plots.










Codename: Blackjack
Powerset: Master infiltrator; highly skilled combatant; access to a variety of gadgets and gizmos.
Origins: Agent Theo Khan, MI5. Personal life classified - but betrayed the agency when he discovered evidence of ODESSA corruption. Joined Riverside International, becoming an Interpol servicer. Fought alongside Stunlocke and Ranger against Eidolon Dynamics.
Gin martini. Stirred, not shaken.
(minor character, mainly there as a C-lister)







Codename: Jinx
Powerset: Wears a modified version of the Stunlocke suit; swapping combat capabilities for hackware and deployable drones
Origin: Shannon Taylor first joined Riverside before it had the name - when Connor was starting out as a supehero, he found her sitting on the edge of a rooftop. Asking what was going on, she disclosed her trans identity and her parents' abuse - Connor took her in, and she, inspired by this low-key heroism, joined his crew as a hacker. Self-taught but wanting to become useful to him, she served as mission control in the early days for Connor and Stunlocke I. After Amy became a Werewolf, she made a modified version of the Stunlocke suit for her own use, and began deploying to the field during infiltration missions. She was a key ally in the Locke and Key saga, helping Bea/Stunlocke II take down Eidolon Dynamics. After that, she mainly worked behind the scenes, or in the more low-key superteams, keeping things under control at the human level so teh A-listers could fight on the high level.










Codename: Dominus
Powerset: Compelling voice, advanced telekinesis. Later, after triggering Psychic Awakening, becomes a demonic monstrocity.
Origins: Gordon de Vere, Earl of Oxford, was born with a rare gift - the ability to make anyone a fawning sycophant. Such a power is bad enough on its own - disasterous in an already spoiled brat. A true sociopath, he sees others as nothing more than toys for his enjoyment. Re-founding MKUltra, he used them as slaves to hunt down the Spire of Duat, and destroyed it, triggering the Psychic Awakening and a demonic invasion - he himself becoming a horrific thing. He was eventually stopped by a coalition of all superhumans, with Kemetar sacrificing his immortal life to seal the demon away and reform the Spire of Duat. Banished to the void, Dominus found himself at the mercy of cruel gods...
Aside from that, Dominus was a recurring villain, often acting as the Man behind the Man for ODESSA, before the Monster Ops arc revealed his true goals.










Codename: The Judge/Thrax
Powerset: Same as the Werewolves, being he's from the same species as them
Origin: Tank-bred to the alien Golgothan race, as a servant of the theocratic Malkaean Empire, The Judge came to Earth in 1908 - the fabled Tunguska event. Left in stasis, they were found by Dominus and compelled to servitude, believing him to be the prophesised Dark Messiah. The Judge served as Dominus's personal attack dog, donating their blood to ODESSA to produce the first batches of super-serum - including the batch that would produce the Werewolves. Eventually challenging Connor to combat, they seemingly slew Connor - but after regenerating back stronger than before, Connor and friends managed to behead the Judge. After the Judge regenerated from *that* (long story), they had a crisis of faith due to seeing the true afterlife, and pledged their allegiance to Connor. Initially serving as a mentor due to their greater experience with the powers, they ended up being an invalubale ally to the cause. They eventually chose the name Thrax, which is Golgothan for Heretic - being that they turned away from the Empire and grew a conscience.







Codename: Monarque
Powerset: Dark mirror of blackjack - being an expert martial artist with several gadgets
Origin: Starting as an agent of French intelligence, Henri Messier became disillusioned with his lot in life, turning to organised crime. He quickly rose to becoming kingpin of all French crime, before setting his sights on Drackhill - the emerging "Super-City." From there, he became a recurring affable antagonist, always having a backup plan and an ace up his sleeve. Despite this, he hates ODESSA, and freely collaborates with the heroes. He helps them stop Dominus from destroying the world, because... "Ze world is where I keep all my stuff!"

Vibe: Essentially a parody of campy french bond villains. Very self-aware, and having a good time always. Think Le Chiffre mixed with David Xanatos.
Despite all this, he's more than willing to join with the good guys. Indeed, by the time the Capes and Cowls era passes, he's basically just their rich dickhead friend











Codename: The Marshal
Powerset: Baseline human physicals (very athletic for a man in his 50s, though) - but superhuman aim with pistols.
Origin: Frank Ryder was once a normal big city loyya from New Orleans, who was the bookies' favourite for mayor, until a defamation case he brought against the local KKK outfit ended with a bullet in his brain. Selected for experimental treatment by Mastermind's Institute, he recovered with a highly eccentric, manic personality disorder - which he channeled into his new persona. By day, he's the charmingly eccentric Mayor Ryder... by night, he's the terrifying, six-shooting vigilante Marshal!
Once exposed, he resigned as mayor, becoming a full-time gunslinging superhero. His ability to ricochet shots would make Whiplash blush - and he's not even psychic! Of course, he was invited to Riverside's roster - at least in part because they thought he was hilarious. He's a comfy C-lister, but that doesn't mean he can't send you fo' a ride, pardner!











The Commandant is the leader of ODESSA, as well as the commander of its armed wing, the Paladin Group. His real name is George Davis, and he was formerly a Klansman; he was turned informant by the FBI, then later the CIA turned him as informant against the FBI, and then from there he was recruited into the clandestine ODESSA network by a CIA agent who was part of them. He quickly rose through the ranks, and, while on mission with the Paladin Group as security for [another villain, we'll namedrop him later], he and that villain found the alien Moxidar, who was in stasis in Tunguska following the famous Tunguska event. They both reanimated the alien, and through interrogation learned of the Moxidar serum. Davis froze some sperm samples (as being any sort of Moxidar makes you invariably infertile), and began regularly dosing himelf with serum. Most would've died, but his spiteful nature allowed him to endure the transformation, becoming a Super-Agent so powerful, he outclassed the Moxidar. Later, while on mission with the CIA, he was ordered to infiltrate the Catholic Defence Force, a radical IRA offshoot active in the Troubles. He ingratiated himself within the CDF's leadership, including their founder, the raical phalangist Eamon Barrett. He became infatutaed with Eamon's daughter Laura, and one fateful day defied orders and kidnapped her. She never spoke about what happened, but all anyone knew was she disappeared one night along with Davis, and returned three months later - two months pregnant. Disowned by Eamon, who was forced to resign his post, she travelled to the city of Drackhill to stay with her brother Vince, and eventually died while giving birth to Connor. Neither Connor nor Vince knew of Davis, and indeed Connor only found out when a battle led to Davis's hand being severed - DNA analysis of the hand confirmed Davis's mutations, and worse, the Y chromosome matched Connor, confirming his parentage. Connor never felt any fellow feeling for Davis, and indeed in their climactic final battle, they struggled over an empowering artifact called the Dazarec - legend said it would only grant its strength to one who had "purity of hatred."
The other villain believed he would be destined to use it, but it rejected his sociopathic contempt as insufficient. Davis believed his own fascist ideology would count, but the Dazarec rejected him too. As it happens, the Dazarec considers "pure hatred" to require empathy for the target - Davis's inability to view his hated as real human beings meant he couldn't hate them the way the Dazarec would answer to.
Instead, Connor's hate for Davis proved to be sufficiently "pure", and their final battle ended with Davis being torn to shreds. In his last moments, he claimed Connor was his legacy, and that Connor would be corrupted by power eventually (Davis was indeed baffled why Connor would use his powers for good in the first place - Connor theorised that the reason Davsi hated him so much was because Connor proved that no, not everyone would've been as evil as him if they were strong enough), and that "when you do great and terrible things, it will be in my name; in honour of me - your father."
Connor paused for a moment, before drawing close to Davis's ear.
"My father?" he whsipered, before scowling, and screaming "YOU'RE NOT MY *FATHER!*" and slaying him.