
Riverside roster:

Core team:
	Werewolves:
		Connor Barrett/Vanguard
		Sparky/Spartacus
		Trey Morgan/Acrobat
		Amy Zhou/Skirmisher

	Chloe Derrington/Countess
	Ivan Sokolov/Troubleshooter

New recruits:
	Frank Ryder/Marshal
	Theo Khan/Blackjack
	Shannon Taylor/Jinx
	Laila Zoubir/Whisper
	Sentinel
	Elliot Kane/Impact
	Halima Yusuf/Frostbite

Blood Pact
	Zhang Daozhi
		Son of Zhang Jue, founder of the Yellow Turbans. Became a necromantic sorceror, eventually raising an army of Jiangshi and turning himself into a vampire. Became Prince of China. Master mage, powerful summoner, necromancer and demonologist.
	Zhang Zhiwei
		Dhampyr son of Daozhi. Born in the 1850s, during the Qing Dynasty. Melee fighter, swordsman, with some spells
	John H. Pierce/Mr. Magpie/Starlight Slasher
		Sired in the civil war (was a Pinkerton instigating a slave revolt) by a confederate; killed his sire and broke free. Became a detective in the 20s; very noir style. Crafted a serial killer persona called the Starlight Slasher, for vigilante actions; while the elusive detective Mr. Magpie could solve any case using occult psychometry
	Boruqan Oskoli
		Born to the Oskolids in Khazaria, was abducted by Viking and Kievan warlords; sent on a Varangian adventure against the Abbasids; broke free, met Yehudit of the Bavlim, a hermit witch and occultist. The pair returned; Boruqan took charge of the warband and merged it with the Oskolids; moved south and absorbed several Bavlim, Kurdish, Arab, and Persian groups, then moved west, absorbing peasant groups, before eventually moving back East to the Land of Nod, an island in the Indian Ocean. Using magic to shroud a perception filter over the island, they discovered ancient catacombs, leading to Boruqan being sired, before slaying his sire and ruling the tribes as their protector-king.
		In the modern nights, Nod is a truce zone for the Shadow Council; Boruqan is fed up of sitting on his throne.
		The Norns tell him that Ragnarok comes; his Bavlim and Khazar prophets warn of the coming of the Messianic Age; his Persian subjects await the Saoshyant to bring forth Frashokereti; Christians and Muslims alike scream about the coming day of Judgement; Hindus await the next Yuga cycle; Maitreya will come soon as the Buddha of the world; and Apep deigns to eat the sun.
		And the King-Protector of Nod will not let the End Times come without a fight.
	Yehudit Rahabi
		Occultist, demon-banisher expert
	Kemetar
		One of the first vampires; spends most time on the Throne of Duat, protecting it from demonic invasion. Father of the Egyptian Pantheon, inspirer of Kemet. Background demigod, granting boons to the Pact
	Seth
		Another Antediluvian; claiming to be the biblical Seth. Not a vampire - a human with resurrective immortality; describes himself as a proto-vampire
	Vahram Keshvarzad
		Leader of the Order of Assassins; Gnostic ascetic and master assassin. Magic abilities, but not quite a mage.


Unbroken:
	Eliza Mercott/Harpy
	Roach
	Twitch


Riverside Youth:
	Harry Mercer/Kid Wolf
	Sipho Chabane/Bug Boy/Myrmex
	Mal/Malignant/Terror Toma/Changeling
	Princess Laeri G'Sharr/Envoy
	Xerxes

The Jackals
	Luke Miller/Blitz
	Kenji Yamazaki/Ronin
	Thrax/Judge
	Angelina Salvatore/Whiplash



Villains:
	George Davis/The Commandant
	Gordon de Vere/Dominus
	Marcel Vacher/The Artist
	The Beast/The Mutarch
	Henri Messier
	Jules van Statten/Mastermind
	217/Redclaw



	Nice. Next is the first of our psychic heroes (besides Countess) - these are products of MKULTRA, a fictional version of the CIA programme that in this universe actually worked.


Real name:
	Laila Zoubir

Theme:
	Stealth, complicated relationship with the heroes.
	Inspos: Black Cat, Catwoman, Invisible Woman

Powerset:
	She becomes a Super-Agent later on, but her main, most noticable power, is invisibility. More accurately photokinesis, she bends light seamlessly around herself (including her clothes) to become invisible. Thermals can still pick her up, as can the Werewolves with their super-senses, but most CCTV isn't thermal and most people don't have super-senses. Downside is, while she's invisible, she's blind (since no light hits her retinas) - she can use her psychic senses to see outlines, but needs to decloak (or at least her head) to see properly. She also uses her telepathy to create a perception filter, meaning even the Werewolves have to be actively looking for her (or she needs to be doing something crazily out of ordinary) for them to notice her. Lastly, she can change colours as well, blending into walls - she can still see this way, and it uses less energy too.

Origin story:
	Laila was abducted from her parents in Algeria as a young girl during the military dictatorship of 1998 (during the Algerian civil war). She was experimented on by MKULTRA, and eventually trained as an assassin and master-thief. She is sent to infiltrate the Riverside Initiative (the superhero org led by the Werewolves), and does a good job too, but falls in love with Trey will conning them. When she is found out, she runs away tearfully, only to be hunted down by MKULTRA. With no other option, she comes crawling back to Riverside, who arrest her. Eventually, she escapes (Riverside don't go looking to avoid bringing MKULTRA's attention to her); she works as a thief full-time while sending money to her family. One day, she steals something Riverside are after, and bargains with it (long story short, she stole the layout of a base belonging to the Optimates, a corporate conspiracy - she agreed to hand it over and help the heroes if they helped her on a heist - they reluctantly agreed. During the raid on the Optimates base, she is badly wounded, so Trey gives her super-serum to save her.)
	There is more too, but that's the most of it.

Vibes:
	Covert, subtle, playful yet tragic. It takes a while for her to fully accept her heroic impulses and join the heroes without an ulterior motive; but when she does, she can finally be herself for the first time in her life

Codename should be internal, but could also be a nickname for the elusive thief that no one ever finds