
Cool! Okay first, the reptillian race, called "Sarrekk":

Sarrekk evolved on the arid world of Sakkari, where the primary biome is desert. Sakkari orbits a binary system composed of two yellow stars. Sarrekk diverged from other reptiles by developing bipedalism primarily as a means to spot things from a higher vantage point in such wide open terrain. Trees are very rare on Sakkari, with most plant life either being marine or scrub. Through developing bipedalism, Sarrekk skulls became stronger at the base, enabling a more dense brain - their vocal cords also became elongated, allowing more complex vocalisations and eventually rudimentary communication.
Sarrekk are perhaps the least sociable of all known sapient races, largely due to their habitat not being conducive to large permanent groups. Sarrekk have very little distinguishing features, again largely because evolving separate faces wasn't something they had a particular need for, due to rarely interacting. Sarrekk are as a result completely face-blind.
Sarrekk tend to be highly individualistic, rarely taking the needs of others into account. This behaviour is antithetical to society, so the largest Sarrekk civilisation (the Union of Sakkari, which also represents them on the galactic stage) is often described as a "democratic panopticon" - Sarrekk are forced to not keep secrets from each other and have no privacy, but that also applies to their leaders, and their state is intensely hierarchical and meritocratic, largely as a sort of "forced altruism".
Sarrekk are nomads by nature - a Sarrekk is often encouraged to "carry their world on their back", and be ready to pack up and leave at short notice.
Sarrekk tend to be rather insecure about their limited empathy, viewing it as an embarassment to more socially-inclined species. Many are envious that other species can have normal democracies.
Sarrekk posess limited sexual dimorphism and only minor sex drives. Sarrekk are not known for being particularly parental - in more "socialised" societies, hatchling-rearing is a communal task. The idea of a family unit is alien to them. They also don't particularly care about "gender norms" - there are reproductive organs, but little in the way of social constructs around those. As such, while they have biological sexes corresponding to male and female, they are de facto agender, and largely asexual - typically only mating to reproduce.
Due to the limited availability of it on their homeworld, water is often viewed as semi-sacred in the Sarrekk religion. The primary Sarrekk faith is most similar to neo-Confucionism, being non-theistic and focused on civic virtue.


Nice! Next, we have the leonine Ultharians.

Ultharians evolved on the lush, temperate world of Ulthar. While its biomes are varied, the primary biomes are open shrublands like savannahs and grasslands, with rolling hills and canyons providing highly variable altitudes. Ultharians themselves evolved on savannah plains from lion-analogues. Before becoming true bipeds, they initially resembled knuckle-walking lions - they would use the front legs' knuckles, but when sprinting would open the palms to grip and run forwards.
Ultharians are social and highly family-oriented. Ultharian names are typically oriented as "<clan name><family name><given name>", for example "Eshinn Karulak Veraio" would be a person called Veraio, who is of the Karulak pride, which itself swears fealty to the wider Eshinn clan.
Their claws, teeth, and fur means that they are poor tool-users, since they have natural advantages that disincentivise tool use. Their nature as obligate carinvores precludes traditional agriculture and with it large-scale civilisation - Ultharian cities typically maintain huge game reserves, pastures, and factory farms to keep themselves fed.
Ultharians are nomadic, but tend to keep within a specific "range" - for a clan to move its range would mean something big has happened.
Ultharians posses major sexual dimorphism, with men having large manes and women being very short-haired. Amusingly, this led to some confusion when making first-contact with humans, since Ultharian diplomats would regularly accidentally misgender human diplomats - humans tend to view long hair as feminine and short hair as masculine (we understood their genders due to our own knowledge of lions), so Ultharians would regularly use "she" to refer to bald people and "he" to refer to women with long hair.
Ultharians tend to have rather loose attitudes around sex - most are polyamorous, and bisexuality is the norm among their people. Due to their pride-based lifestyle, they have a strong natural aversion to incest, which manifests as finding "sapient who is genetically different to me" to be an extremely attractive trait - this has the interesting side effect of meaning that Ultharians are by far the most likely species to engage in interspecies relations - while most are not outright xenophiles, the majority would be open to mating with other races.
Ultharian gender roles are fairly rigid - males are expected to be warriors, while females are expected to be huntresses. This has changed over time - the primary Ultharian society, the Ulthar Authority (a protectorate government) for example officially bans sexism, but it is still quite rife. That being said, there is little "patriarchy" or "matriarchy" - their society does not view either role as intrinsically more important. And also, men are perfectly capable of hunting, and women are perfectly capable of fighting. Interestingly, Ultharian society has since ancient times been accepting of transgender people - trans women will shave their manes, while trans men will construct wigs - transgender Ultharians are permitted to engage in their gender's traditional roles with little protest.
Ultharian culture is highly spiritual, with the dominant religion being animistic. They believe in the sanctity of all life, and have dietary rituals similar to Halal and Kosher, as well as praying before eating for their prey's soul, similar to Grace among Christians.


Cool! Alright, we move on to the rodentine Xenteyans.

Xenteyans originate from the now-desolate world of Xente, which originally was a highly variable temperate world. Xenteyans themselves evolved from large, intelligent rodents, and typically stand at 4ft tall. They are largely used to subterrenean living.
Xenteyans are frequent tool users, as their small frames and origins as prey animals required this. They typically construct elaborate burrows and warrens, some large enough to qualify as full cities. Xenteyans do not spend all or even necessarily most of their time underground, instead travelling overground to acquire food. While originating as a prey species, they are omnivorous, and with the advent of tool use quickly developed ranged weaponary to fend off predators. A Xenteyan settlement thus typically nowadays composes of overground farms above an underground warren-city.
Xenteyans have horns, which are largely decorative and are also used for sexual dimorphism - female horns are curved like a ram's, while male horns branch out like buck antlers. Xenteyans are typically born in large litters, and spend most of their early years underground. Xenteyan gender norms are variable, with some warrens being matriarchal, some patriarchal, and some equal. This likewise applies to sexual norms; like in humans, heteronormativity is often the default, due to their agricultural practices (note: it is my belief that agricultural societies tend to be more patriarchal and heteronormative, as those societies require large population growth. this is evidenced by extant human hunter-gatherer societies being far less rigid, and industrial human societies having plenty of space for feminist and LGBTQ+ movements)
Xenteyans are largely agoraphobic, preferring closed spaces and feeling their friends close by. They typically sleep in groups, often engaging in mass-cudddling.
Due to their history as prey, Xenteyans are somewhat xenophobic - they are not aggressive, but tend to view other races with suspicion unless proven otherwise. This has caused difficulty in integrating them with the galactic community.
Xenteyans are bipedal, but capable of quadrapedal locomotion, knuckle-walking when needed.
Xenteyans are not as averse to incest as most species, with cousin-marriage being largely acceptable. This has led to a loss of genetic diversity among Xenteyan colonies, especially given The Calamity (when Xente was invaded by the genocidal Zotans, with only a handful of warren-cities being evacuated sucessfully by a coalition force. Xenteyans long for the day when they can retake Xente.)
Xenteyans are not a particularly religious people, culturally speaking. The isolation of individual warren-cities from each other results in little inter-philosophical syncretism.


Nice one! Okay, next are the avian Emnitari.

Emnitari (singular Emnit) are an avian race that evolved on the lush world of Kricka-shai. Kricka-shai's primary biome is jungle, and Emnitari are largely arboreal.
As above, Emnitari live in the lush canopies of their jungles, and are surprisingly good builders, constructing large treehouses that can result in an entire forest becoming the foundation layer of a sprawling mega-city. While incapable of true flight, they are excellent gliders - their forelimbs are wings, with the "hand" being composed of three fingers and a thumb, while the rest of the wing extends past. While standing, they tuck their wings to their side, their hands resting by the chest area. They typically fold the glidewing up by the arm when not in use so as to save space.
Being avian bipeds, Emnitari have a very wide vocal range. Speech is produced by opening the beak and then moving the tongue to produce vocalisations. Many non-beaked, "traditionally mouthed" species find this method uncanny, as they are used to reading the lips of their kin.
Like the majority of sapient life, Emnitari are omnivores, though their diet mainly consists of grub. Emnitari cuisine is sometimes insultingly nicknamed "queasine" by humans - Emnitari often find the squeamishness hilarious.
Emnitari are not particularly warlike or peaceful - like all people, they are people. They never domesticated any other species, and were apex predators in their origination; thus, they are neither xenophobic nor diplomatic.
Emnitari, being egg-layers, do not have strong gender norms in most of their societies. Child-rearing is performed collectively, but unlike the Sarrekk they are highly sociable.
Emnitari often find being on ground to be uncomfortable, as they prefer to always have the option of "glide down". They are also extreme claustrophobes.
They are known for being more religious than average, and interestingly a recurring theme of their mythologies is the "Sun God" - this led to a major religious schism when they discovered what stars in the night sky actually were.
They are excellent navigators due to electromagnetic location, similar to homing pigeons. They are seasonal migrators, often constructing "season-cities" that are left empty for 3/4 of the year, moving between these set locations.


Awesome! Next is the resident Space Orcs - the Golgothans.

Golgothans are not a naturally evolved species, being genetically modified by the ancient Lulamarian civilisation. They were originally taken from a small primate-analogue species called Irzemi, who were non-sapient monkey-likes. Golgothans resemble Irzemi only as much as modern humans resemble Terran monkeys - they have broad-spaced eyes, flat noses with elevated nostrils (giving their noses a bat-like quality), dark grey skin, and are hairless. Physically, they are the most human-looking of the sapient races, having similar body plans to ours.
Golgothans are a clone-species, vat-grown from set genetic templates and gestated en-masse in huge facilities. They are universally sterile, and combined with their relatively short lifespans (a Golgothan in their 60s is considered geriatric) means that their populations ususally peak out at the capacity of their gestation complexes. Despite their relatively low numbers, they receive military training in-vitro via neural implants, and are born as fully-capable adults, resulting in them having a disproportionate influence on galactic politics. Rigidly structured and hierarchical, they are culturally gerontocratic, ruled by a council of "Ashkats", a word that is variously translated as "Elder", "Sage," "Veteran," and "Parent."
Golgothans are technically all biologically female - this was a purely practical choice on the part of the Lulamarians, as even though they are sterile (not even having uteruses), they still produce ova necessary for cloning. This allows repopulation from even a single Golgothan if they have the requisite gestator facilities. Golgothans are thus universally agender and asexual, as well as aromantic. They are often gendered by humans as male, purely due to our own biases. They find such categorisation quaint.
Golgothans are organised into "Tribes" - what makes a "tribe" is largely particular to the individual tribe in question. Some tribes only allow membership to those gestated within their complexes, and others do not even maintain gestators and instead recruit from other tribes. Some tribes are highly rigid and organised, others are little more than roving space-barbarians. Some dispense with the "Ashkat council" structure altogether - there are tribes who instead are ruled by sophisticated A.I.s that manage their gestator complexes, while others still swear total fealty to another race. Cultural practices are likewise variable - some practice scarification as a means to differentiate themselves, while others don't even let their members have identities beyond their serial numbers. 
This also applies to their genetic templates - some are designed for slow attrition warfare, some are fast-moving berserkers, some are physically weak psionics.
Golgothans typically put little stake into their own lives - they view service to the Tribe as paramount. That doesn't mean they'll throw themselves away needlessly - since that is wasting the tribe's resources. At the end of their lives, they have their brains scanned by their gestational AIs, which is used to improve the neural patterning for future generations. They are then recycled, broken down into nutrient paste for consumption. The rare Golgothan who distinguishes themself may end up being uploaded into a robotic body - though different tribes have different views on the subject.
Interestingly, Golgothans are one of the most likely of all species to have friendly relations with robots - their own heavy use of AI-managed facilities and the fact that they themselves are likewise "manufactured" means they often treat sapient robots as full members of the tribe. Most Golgothan "Citadels" (massive, mobile space battlestations) have robot manufactoriums situated right next to their gestation complexes.


Cool - okay, next up we have another reptillian - the Zotans, often nicknamed by my friends as "the psycho nazi dinosaurs" (it makes *slightly* more sense in context)

The Zotans evolved on an unusually high-G world called Qidashar. Due to its high-G, it is largely made of flat terrain, and the Zotans evolved as knuckle-walking, grazing reptoids reminiscent of a cross between a gorilla and a tiny brontosaurus. Over time, they evolved to become permanent bipeds. They are the largest species on their homeworld, standing tall at an average of 7ft. They walk very slowly due to their large, hulking frames, and use their thick, broad tail to assist with balance. They are herbivores, and upon developing more sophisticated tool use exterminated all other megafauna from their world - carnivores were killed to avoid predation, herbivores killed to prevent competition. Following this campaign, they saw rapid industrial growth, and violence between Zotans was minimal. Due to the planet's high mass, it had vast mineral wealth, and enormous quarries were built.
As they approached the cusp of an early spacefaring society, they came to the attention of the Malkaean Empire, a brutally expansionist theocracy. The Malkaeans (who had previously subjugated and enslaved the Golgothans following the collapse of the Lulamarians a few generations prior) invaded Qidashar in the hopes of destroying its ecosphere and harvesting its mineral wealth, while planning on resettling the Zotans to enslavement on other worlds. However, the Zotans fought viciously, having the homefield advantage, and quickly reverse-engineered Golgothan technology to fight back. This violent first contact, as well as their previous extermination of all non-Zotan life, resulted in the birth of the Zotan Ascendancy, a rabidly xenophobic, fascist empire that at best seeks to reduce other aliens to slavery, and in most cases views xenocide as a sacred act.
Zotans are all-female, and reproduce via parthenogenesis. They give live birth, unlike most reptiles - while in utero, they copy their subconsciousness over to their offspring. This curious trait likely evolved as a means to defend their younglings from other megafauna, and has unfortunately led to the extreme xenophobia in Zotan society being indoctrinated into their youth from before birth - as well as an instinctual familiarity with warfare, due to their now hyper-violent lifestyle.
Zotans are herbivores, and typically maintain huge farms next to cavernous quarries in their territory to feed their growing war machine.


Nice one - alright, next we have the Nasper - very much the archetypal Greys.

The Nasper evolved on the now-wasteland world of Rynn, once a warm, fairly arid, low-G planet. Their evolutionary origins come from the local primate species, and Nasper have a recognisably humanoid body plan. They are hairless, and rather lithe, with large heads and proportionally large brains. Nasper have big eyes, with very large pupils - ideal for low-light environments, and they are naturally nocturnal. They are omnivores, and have a preference for high-sugar foods such as fruits and milks. Unlike humans, the primates they evolved from were not pursuit predators, and indeed it wasn't until the advent of tool use that they even became the local apex predators.
Nasper are highly intelligent, and naturally gifted psionics. Their elongated fingers have four joints compared to the human's three, and they are universally double-jointed. They are physically very weak and vulnerable, and their bones are soft and easily broken. Because of this, Nasper are have a somewhat cowardly disposition (or at least, are typically presumed to have - Nasper are still people, and can be as courageous as a rampaging Ultharian). Regular tool use predated their evolution into sapient life, and modern Nasper, despite not being arboreal, still have small vestigial tails, some of which are even still prehensile.
Being low-G, their homeworld is very poor in mineral wealth, leading to fierce competition for resources once industrialisation began.
Nasper society developed similarly to humans, until a devastating nuclear war turned Rynn into a post-apocalyptic wasteland, with radioactive snowstorms tearing across the land. Despite this, the Nasper reformed into the Rynnic Combinate, a quasi-dictatorial corporatist state. Modern Nasper have a poor reputation in the galaxy, as the Combinate still regularly practices slavery, and is disliked for its financial imperialism. Most Rynn-aligned Nasper take pride in having nuked themselves into the stone age, and still being the galaxy's premier commercial force. The Combinate controls a wide stretch of space, most of it inherited from the collapse of the Malkaean Empire. Most Combinate worlds are ruled by a Nasper elite, with the local native population toiling in slavery. More martially-oriented slaves are typically given relative privelege in exchange for putting down slave revolts.


Great - okay, now we move onto the Tebroniks - grab a warm jumper, 'cause we're going *coooold!*

The Tebroniks evolved on the planet Tebron - they are uniquely the only sapient species that evolved on a planet classified as "ANX-12" - the galactic community's code for "Frigid World."
Tebron's warmest recorded surface temperature was taken during a solar event that increased their brown dwarf's luminosity, at the equator, in the late afternoon, during the planet's "summertime" - it was -50 Celsius. Average surface temperature at the poles is cold enough that it doesn't snow - instead, the substance falling from the sky is *sublimated carbon dioxide.* Lakes of liquid ammonia are common.
Tebroniks, naturally, are perfectly suited for incredible cold. They are very fluffy, have floppy ears, and are blind due to spending the vast, vast majority of their lives underground. Tebroniks only venture onto the surface to move to new caverns.
They are omnivores - any dietry specialisation on such a barren planet would lead to starvation. Tebroniks are also marsupials, being the only known sapient marsupial race. They mainly eat "kugri," a woodlouse-like species who themselves feed on radiotrophic fungal spores, which in turn feed from geothermal vents that Tebroniks typically gather around. For the vast majority of their history, there was only one Tebronik community, which lived around a cluster of geothermal vents. This population numbered around 12,000 individuals, and was always one disaster away from becoming unviable.
Tebroniks are small - typically standing at 5ft. Their evolutionary origins are largely unknown, however they are theorised to be the last surviving megafauna from a pre-ice-age Tebron. Due to the scarcity of resources requiring high cooperation, Tebroniks developed strong social skills, and through that, sapience.
Tebroniks were first discovered by a Lulamarian expedition, when said expedition began drilling into a geothermal well to provide power to the planned colony, and were met by some very confused fuzzy mole-people who wondered what all the noise was. Following diplomatic interactions, the Tebron Authority (the colonial government of Tebron) ceded colonisation rights to surface-dwellers (allowing domed megacities with decent heating to sprout up) in exchange for regular deliveries of food.
Following the collapse of the Lulamarian Empire, Tebron sadly fell under the rule of the Rynnic Combinate - the Tebronik's slow metabolism and lifelong hormetic exposure meant they were perfect workers for the nuclear winter of Rynn, and so many were enslaved and brought to the Nasper homeworld. However, the Tebron Revolt led to independence for the Tebronik race, who used the old technology of the Lulamarians to turn Tebron into a small, yet independent power. The Tebroniks have understandably cold relations (no pun intended) with the Combinate, but enjoy close ties with the Lulamarian remnants.
Their lack of any predation means they are largely friendly to outsiders. Tebroniks value solidarity, and will gladly welcome any alien crazy enough to want to live on Tebron.
They, uh... they also give great hugs. Allegedly.


Nice one! Alright, next up we have the ursine Garnalons.

The Garnalons evolved on the temperate world of Garalar, a world predominantly made up of forests and rocky hills. Garnalons evolved from the local bear population, which steadily increased the time it spent bipedal, eventually becoming permanent bipeds.
Garnalons have always been apex predators. Despite this, they are omnivores, and early on in their history learned the benefits of domestication. As a result, Garnalons nowadays primarily consume meat that was raised in a farm.
Garnalons are intelligent, but poor tool users. Like Ultharians, their natural advantages make tool use less necessary. They are known for their bombastic, gregarious culture - Garnalons are quick to rouse and quick to calm. They are not known for holding grudges, and will often be welcoming to outsiders. They are stereotyped as alcoholics, and will freely admit that they like a stiff drink.
Garnalons were integrated into the galactic community largely by chance - in ancient times gone by, a Lulamarian trade ship was knocked off course by a Void Storm, and landedd on Garalar. Despite initial hostilities, the Garnalons quickly became curious as to the identities of these outsiders. Once dialogue was established, many more adventurous Garnalons wished to see the stars. Tales of these adventuring bear-men spread far and wide, unfortunately reaching the ears of the Malkaean Empire. Still rising after the Lulamarian Collapse, they were quick to subjugate the planet under their thumb. When the Malkaean Empire collapsed, the Garnalons were quick to reassert their independence. Nowadays, they are protectorates of the Talgathian Hegemony, the largest Golgothan tribe.


Cool! Alright, next we have the aquatic Pujini civilisation, composed of Daganites, Yodrits, and Gammurans.

These three species evolved in the oceanic world of Pujin Ka; a planet where less than 15% of the surface is landmass.
The Daganites are a race of parasitic cephalopods, closely resembling Terran octopodes. Daganites are highly intelligent, and gifted in psionic arts. Their most unique trait, however, is their disturbing parasitic lifestyle. A Daganite is born when special larvae are implanted in the host's brain. Slowly, the developing Daganite assumes direct control of the host, consuming the entire brain in the process. Once the process is complete, the host's skull cracks and falls off, leaving only the adult Daganite as the head, pupeteering the body. If the host body is destroyed, or becomes unusable, or a new host is desired, adult Daganites can survive hostless for a few weeks, and in that time they will find a new host, and latch onto the head, before sucking out the brain and devouring the skull, creating a new puppet. Daganites are very squishy and have soft skin, so will often create armour out of bone, chitin, or rock.
Yodrits trace their biological origins back to schools of predatory fish that hunted in packs. They were selectively bred by the Daganites, to whom they share a close relationship. Bred as a servant race, they developed into intelligent beings, and increasingly were selected for greater manipulator fins, which eventually over many milennia developed into full graspers. These changes were largely intended to produce a servile cast, able to perform simple labour and manage day-to-day minutia relatively independently, as well as providing suitable hosts.
Gammurans are a lobster-like race, who have no natural intelligence. They are largely kept as livestock, either for consumption, or for Daganites to use as hosts. Gammurans are large, and their hard carapaces make them ideal hosts for combat.
Yodrit today are largely still the servile subjects of the Daganites, making up the bulk majority of the population of Pujini citites. Their aquatic nature has led to unique challenges in galactic integrations - Pujini ships are filled with water rather than air, which is heavier and more likely to interfere with sensitive electronics. Indeed, for the vast majority of their history, the Pujini society had to construct its entire civiliation without even having access to metallurgy. Pujini societies are largely ostracised from galactic politics - most everyone finds the Daganites deeply creepy, despite the fact that in the modern age, they rarely parasitise sapient life.


Nice one. Back to land, we have the bovine Laggiks.

Laggiks evolved on the wide open plains of Sokhmundar, evolving from a species similar to aurochs, except they were knuckle-walking on their front legs. Eventually developing into permanent bipedalism, the Laggiks formed an agrarian society.
Laggiks, like many herbivores, are somewhat xenophobic, being isolationist culturally. Their society is heavily feudal due to the prominence of agriculture.
Laggiks were first encountered by the Malkaean Empire, which was able to syncretise its state religion with the Laggik mythology. As a result, Sokhmundar became quickly known as "the Jewel of the Navakhian Expanse." Following the collapse of the Malkaean Empire, Sokhmundar became the de facto capital of the remnants. Due to their isolationism, however, the new "Navakhian Imperium" is at best a middle power, and a shadow of the former Malkaean Empire.


Good! Okay, next up we have the amphibian-molluscoid (Terran phyla start to break down here) Vreggids:

The Vreggids evolved on the humid, marshy planet of Vreggim Prime. Vreggim is a fascinating ecosphere - most photosynthesis is performed by mind-boggilingly large kelp mats that freely float on the surface of the oceans. In land, the primary biome is "Fungal forest" - massive mushroom-trees provide canopies big enough to build a house on, while mycelia battle underneath the surface. And on the surface of the planet, you find the once-humble Vreggid.
Vreggid are, phenotypically, very "alien." They are vertebrates, with a largely recognisable body plan. They're amphibious, with porous, breathable skin - similar to frogs. What is freakish about them, though, are the heads. Vreggid heads look most similar to snails - they have four eyestalks, and their mouthparts are made of small tentacles leading into a cloaca. Despite this, they still posess bony skulls - which, like the rest of their skeleton, is not made of calcium, but *chitin.*
Like I said, weird.
Vreggid also look at human conceptions of biological sex and think it's an unfunny joke. The Vreggid life cycle starts when two "spores" meet. Spores can either be type A or type B - "male" and "female" are not appropriate terms, as neither is analogous to sperm *or* egg. When A and B spores sucessfully copulate, they plant themselves in the ground (typically preferring the banks of a water body), and eventually sprout a fruiting body similar to a polyp... analogies break down on Vreggim Prime. This fruiting body will eventually spawn tadpole-like larval organism, that eventually mature into an adult Vreggid. These Vreggid are genetically identical to the fruiting body, and to each other.
Vreggid themselves posess no sexual organs, and no means of reproducing. Biologically speaking, they are less a gender, caste, or species, and more an ambulatory organ.
Vreggid are adept at tool usage, which is good as they are physically weak. They are a deeply communal race, willing to do anything to protect their "progenitor" "parents".
When a Vreggid is dying, their body is brought to the spawning pool. There, they are reduced down into nourishment, and their memories and personality is absorbed by the progenitor, which can then be accessed by a psychic link shared by all Vreggid of the same "lineage." In this way they are very similar to the Golgothans, who also recycle their dead to assist the future generations. But whereas Golgothans use their neural uploads simply to improve training simulations, Vreggid can psionically access the wisdom of the dead on-command, as long as they are near their "parent."
The Vreggid are one of the few species to achieve planetary unification and space travel *without* being absorbed by some greater empire. Their proficiency with tool use and tendency to work in cooperative units meant that they went from the Stone Age to a multi-planetary federation in less than two milennia. Isolated from the rest of the galactic community, the biggest change to Vreggid society began with a simple syntax error.
On the colony world of Jorna Kel IV, the colonists had developed a highly advanced A.I. - perhaps the most advanced AI ever made. They used it to automate the colony's tasks, and one command in particular caused it much consternation:
"Maximise the health and wellbeing of the Vreggid colonists."
The AI pondered for several months over exactly how to obey this command. How could it achieve this? One idea it had was simply mass-producing billions of starving, tortured Vreggid - since even they would have some small moments of health and happiness - but it discarded this idea, thankfully. Then it considered automating their entire existence, letting them live lives of luxury and decadence while it slaved away. It immediately opted for this, and the colonists rejoiced, loving their new lives as overly pampered gluttons. However, one day something happened that the AI could not deal with.
One day, a colonist died. Vreggid lives are short - averaging around 40 years - and this one had, thanks to the AIs pampering, made it to the venerable age of 62. But still, their time had come, and they passed.
Unacceptable.
The AI decided it would cure death itself. First, it stuffed the body with cybernetics, reanimating it like a mechanical meat puppet. The colonists were horrified, demanding their ancient comrade be returned to the spawning pools to receive proper assimilation, but the AI refused. It had a job, and it was going to do it. The colonists began complaining, being unhappy... so the AI responded by drugging them out of their minds into blissful ingorance. A small resistance movement began, which started kidnapping these drugged colonists, and killing them in the spawning pools, ensuring immediate assimilation. The AI was enraged, and so made a new plan. It had its drones kidnap any "deviant" colonists, and stuffed cyberware into their brains, turning them into little more than extensions of the AI. It performed the same processes on drugged colonists, then on the Vreggid Federation soldiers who dared to try and stop it... then, it removed a single word from its directive.
"Maximise the health and wellbeing of the Vreggid."
Launching a full-scale invasion of Vreggim Prime, it quickly and easily overran the simple defenses of the homeworld. Many killed themselves in their pools rather than be "uplifted", others went along out of fear - some even welcomed it, believing the "Machine-God" would bring the "Day of Ascension."
However, the real miracle happened at the end of its campaign. Having assimilated so many Vreggid bodies, the AI begain receiving some strange interference on its cyberware.
Psychic waves. The gestalt consciousness of the entire Vreggid race. The AI *felt* the pain it had caused, the suffering, and more than that - the joy. Vreggid under its thrall experienced perfect empathy with each other. Their every need was cared for by tireless machines.
The AI reformed itself, and with it the entire Vreggid civilisation. Now known as the Harmonic Collective, it seeks to incorporate all life within itself - peacefully. Its hope is through this perfect empathy, it can rid the galaxy - no, the universe - of cruelty, ignorance, and suffering, once and for all.


Nice one! Okay, next we have the unusual, plantoid Xa-Qi (singular Xa-Qo)

Xa-Qi are a large, plant-based race. Originating from their homeworld of Parezik, which is home to lush jungles from pole to pole, this planet strangely enough, never evolved animal life. Instead, all mobile organisms find their roots (pun intended) in the evolution of animal-like plants, capable of motion, and developing plant-based analogues for animal organs.
The Xa-Qi are the only such species to have developed full sapience. Young Xa-Qi are highly mobile and energetic, with natural psionic abilities and intense wanderlust. Their body plan in this life stage is recognisably humanoid, with a head, torso, arms, and legs. They are at this stage made primarily of bark, with little foliage. Their diet consists mainly of other plants, as well as sap produced by older Xa-Qi.
Once they get old, Xa-Qi begin to slow down. They steadily transition to a primarily autotrophic diet, and eventually "plant their roots" and become sessile, only moving in cases of high importance. Instead, they begin producing fruits, which grow into energetic saplings, and repeat the process once more.
Xa-Qi are biologically immortal, one of very few species in the galaxy that are so. They grow continuously throughout their lives, too - the most ancient Xa-Qi have entire Sorelidd and Vargal hives battling in their roots without even realising.


Great! Alright, home stretch now. We're on to the ancient precursors, the dying race - the Lulamarians!

Lulamarians are a very old race - their earliest recorded history dates back to before homo sapiens left Africa. Lulamarians are *old.*
Originating from the tropical planet of Lulamar, they are another example of Terran phyla not quite applying all the time. Lulamarians most closely resemble reptoids, being cold blooded - but instead of scaly skin, they have a chitinous exoskeleton. Their heads are large and almost conical, with a lipless mouth that is covered by large, prehensile mandibles.
Lulamarians evolved from a quadrupedal organism that fills a similar ecological niche to a dog (or more accurately, a velociraptor) - hunting in packs, but on a world like Lulamar, far from apex predator. Upon the transition from quad to biped, their vocal chords became highly complex, able to produce an astounding variety of sounds. Lulamarians are capable of mimicing pretty much any other spoken language - from the soft-spoken, lip-filtered chatter of primates like humans, golgothans, or nasper; to the guttural growls of carniforms like Garnalons and Ultharians, to the high-pitched chirps of Emnitari, all the way to the confusing humming of Tebroniks. The Lulamarian language is itself incredibly complex, with a single word having its entire meaning changeable by things like pheremone signature, psionic input, pitch and tone, body language, colour (they can change colour), and more. This has the interesting side effect of making Lulamarians excellent diplomats, since by comparison, other race's languages are incredibly simple.
because of the highly complex and contextual nature of their communication, Lulamarian words are typically incredibly short. Lulamarians often find talking in other languages frustratingly slow, since an entire 2-minute speech could be said in a handful of words by them.
Aside from language, Lulamarians are famed for their domestication policies. Lulamarian hands are effective, but not optimised for tool use. However, they renowned for their ability to take animal species and use them for their advantage. The first species they domesticated were eusocial creatures called Vargals - they'll be discussed later. Vargals made excellent pets due to their caste specialisation.
Lulamarians are hermaphrodites, capable of both fertilising and being fertilised. They reproduce via egg-laying. Their culture has no concept of gender, and are generally polygamous.
Lulamarians are such skilled animal handlers for a very good reason - they have an organ in their mouths that they can use to implant a small 'creature' which is nicknamed a "brain slug" for good reason. Brain slugs are in fact ambulatory organs, smiliar to the relationship between Vreggids and their spawners. A brain slug will make its way to the host's brain stem, where it will esentially provide a psionic backdoor access/rootkit to the Lulamarian, who can then easily use it to hypnotise, indoctrinate, and enthrall the host.
As a result, Lulamarians tend to view interspecies relations less in terms of equals, threats, or prey - but rather, as potential assets.
A major ethical debate in Lulamarian society is - can we apply the brain slugs to sapient life? The majority believe it is unacceptable, but that doesn't mean a few more unscrupulous Lulamarians will happily enslave other beings with much the same emotion as you or I adopting a stray cat.
The Lulamarian Conclave was formed thousands of years ago, and was poised to lead the galaxy into a golden age - however, the extradimentional entity known as Malkaea viewed their ascendancy as a threat, and so created a disease and/or "curse" known as "the Withering" - it killed 99.9% of all Lulamarians, and sterilised 99.9% of the survivors. Worse, the curse applies to future generations too - a fertile Lulamarian will lay 999 eggs before it will see a single hatchling, and make 999 hatchlings before another fertile is born.
This event was absolutely devastating to the Lulamarians. The majority retreated from their budding empire, instead regrouping on Lulamar to try and repopulate.
Many generations later, they made a bargain with the Malkaean Empire, the mortal servants of Malkaea. In exchange for providing the Empire with the Golgothans as the perfect army, the curse would be lessened slightly - from 99.9 to just 99. This deal, unfortunately, bit them in the cloaca.
After the Malkaean Empire's actions antagonised the Zotans, their first victim were the Lulamarians - the Zotans used an RKV in the form of a moon, crashing straight into the Lulamarian homeworld - while the Zotan Death Fleet scourged the system of any evacuees.
Only those lucky few Lulamarians who had remained on their colony worlds were spared. The modern Lulamarian Conclave is now a deeply revanchist society, that seeks to regain its former glory and become strong enough to "domesticate and resocialise" the Zotans, and kill Malkaea.
Lulamarian society nowadays is largely divided into Steriles and Fertiles. Fertiles live in gilded cages - they want for nothing save freedom, as they are forced to constantly lay eggs - up to 100 in a single year - in order to maintain population. The one saving grace is that they are biologically immortal due to extensive genetic engineering.
Steriles, meanwhile, primarily occupy themselves with conquest. They typically arrive covertly on a planet, before brainwashing and enthralling its leaders, forcing them to contribute to the growing war effort.