

Darkest hour/Cries of despair

	Romans 7:19
	For the good that I would, I do not. And for all the evil I would not, I do.
		Said when lamenting his own moral failings

	Psalm 22:1
	My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?

	Habakkuk 1:2
	O Lord, how long shall I cry, and thou wilt not hear?!

	Mark 9:24
	Lord, I believe; help mine unbelief!
		Said when encountering something truly horrific

	Psalm 13:1
	How long wilt thou forget me, O Lord?

	Job 7:20
	Have I sinned? What have I done to thee, O thou watcher of men?

	Jeremiah 20:14
	Cursed be the day wherein I was born!

	1 Kings 19:4
	It is enough; now, O Lord... take away my life.

	Psalm 6:6
	I am weary with my groaning; all the night make I my bed to swim in tears.

	Psalm 38:4
	Mine iniquities are gone over mine head; as a heavy burden they are too heavy for me.

	Romans 7:24
	O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from this body of death?!

	Psalm 73:3
	I was envious of the foolish, when I saw the prosperity of the wicked.

	Psalm 83:1
	Keep not thou silence, O God: hold not thy peace!

Righteous fury/Pre-smiting one-liners

	Psalm 23:4
	Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I fear no evil; for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me.
		Mantra while arming for war

	Psalm 144:1
	Blessed be the Lord, my rock, who trains my hands for war, and my fingers for battle.
		After his sword is broken, and he must fight barehanded

	Psalm 27:1
	The Lord is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear?
		Said at the darkest hour

	Proverbs 21:15
	It is joy to the just to do judgment.
		Pre-asskicking one liner

	2 Samuel 22:40
	Thou hast girded me with strength to do battle.
		Another pre-smiting

	Psalm 58:10
	The righteous shall rejoice when he seeth the vengeance.
		Screamed before executing a vile foe

	Psalm 82:4
	Deliver the poor and needy: rid them out of the hand of the wicked.
		Roared as he rescues people from a villain

	Isaiah 41:10
	Fear thou not; for I am with thee.
		Said when standing alone against a horde

	Bhagavad Gita 2:31
	There is nothing higher for a warrior than a righteous battle.
		Said before a righteous battle, naturally

	Quran 2:156
	Indeed, we belong to God, and indeed to Him we return.
		Said either before certain death as a solemn vow; or after someone else has died

	Quran 22:78
	Strive for God with the striving due to Him.
		Used to rally allies

	Dhammapada 160
	The self is its own protector.
		Said while preparing his armour

Therapist/mercy mode

	Matthew 11:28
	Come unto me, all who labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
		Praying for the souls of the dead

	Matthew 5:9
	Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.
		After a crisis was resolved without bloodshed

	John 8:7
	He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone.
		When discussing if they should spare an enemy

	Quran 5:8
	Let not the hatred of a people cause you to depart from justice.
		Said when a fellow hero is about to fall to darkness

	Quran 42:40
	Whoever forgives and makes reconciliation, his reward is with God.
		Said when offering mercy, and encouraging others to do the same

	Quran 39:53
	Do not despair of the mercy of God.
		Said to comfort survivors

	Quran 5:32
	Whoever saves one life - it is as if he had saved all mankind.
		Said to encourage a hero after a rescue mission went poorly, and not everyone made it

	Bhagavad Gita 2:47
	You have a right to action, but never to its fruits.
		Used to sum up the life of a superhero - always having something more to save, another fire to put out

	Dhammapada 223
	Conquer anger by love; conquer evil by good.
		Said when on a rescue mission

	Guru Granth Sahib
	Recognize all mankind as one.
		Used when villains are sowing division, especially during times of ethnic or religious strife

	Where there is forgiveness, there is God Himself.
		Said when offering mercy to a bitter foe

	Tao Te Ching, Chapter 68
	The best warrior is never warlike.
		Said when encouraging a non-combatant

	Yasna 30.3
	Between these two, the wise choose rightly.
		Said when an ally is stuck with a difficult choice, reassuring them that though he doesn't know the right choice, he is confident they will make it

	Luke 23:34
	Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do.
		Said when witnessing someone commit evil



	Acaranga Sutra
	"One whom you intend to kill is yourself."
		Said when talking down a vengeful ally

Misc

	Leviticus 19:33
	When a stranger sojourns with thou in thy land, thou shalt not do him wrong.
		For when showing hospitality

	Isiah 2:4
	He shall judge between the nations, and shall rebuke many peoples; and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning hooks; nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn of war again.
		While destroying dangerous artefacts

	Quran 3:173
	Sufficient for us is God, and He is the best disposer of affairs.
		Said when allowing a situation to play out, or for a villain to be undone by their own machinations

	Quran 9:51
	Nothing will happen to us except what God has decreed for us.
		Said when resigning himself to fate

	Matthew 7:15
	Beware of false prophets, who come to you in sheep's clothing. but inwardly are ravenous wolves.

	James 5
	Come now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you. Your riches are corrupted and your garments motheaten. Your gold and silver are cankered, and the rust of them shall be a witness against you and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days. Behold, the hire of the laborers who have reaped your fields, which you kept back by fraud, crieth; and the cries of those who have reaped have entered into the ears of the Lord of Sabaoth. Ye have lived in pleasure on the earth and been wanton. Ye have nourished your hearts, as in a day of slaughter. Ye have condemned and killed the just, and he doth not resist you.

	Mark 10:25
	It is easier for a camel to go through a needle’s eye, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.

	Mathew 6:24
	No one can serve two masters. Either you will hate the one and love the other, or you will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and money.

	Luke 3:11
	Anyone who has two shirts should share with the one who has none, and anyone who has food should do the same.

	1 Timothy 6
	But godliness with contentment is great gain. For we brought nothing into the world, and we can take nothing out of it. But if we have food and clothing, we will be content with that. Those who want to get rich fall into temptation and a trap and into many foolish and harmful desires that plunge people into ruin and destruction. For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil.

	Luke 1:52-53
	He has brought down the powerful from their thrones, and lifted up the lowly; he has filled the hungry with good things, and sent the rich away empty.

	Luke 6:24-26
	But woe to you that are rich, for you have received your consolation. Woe to you that are full now, for you shall hunger. Woe to you that laugh now, for you shall mourn and weep. Woe to you, when all men speak well of you, for so their fathers did to the false prophets.

	John 1:5
	And the light shineth in darkness, and the darkness hath comprehended it not.

	Matthew 5:4
	Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted.

	Matthew 5:6
	Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be filled.

	