Rotten Core: Universe Timeline

13bil BCE - The Universe is called into existence by Zervlon.
9bil BCE - Ethereals and Vulkanoids begin to exist in the Void and realspace.
6bil BCE - The first Gods are born.
5.9bil BCE - Yothmar is consumed by a black hole. Within the heart of the Void, he finds the Necropolis, and becomes the God of Death.
5.8bil-5.2bil BCE - Naraz and Yothmar battle against Orynax in the first Demonic War. The war is so brutal it damages the fabric of reality - Pi is no longer a round number, and the galaxies split off, etc. Orynax and most of the Demons are sentenced to Hell.
3bil BCE - Kazarath, while experimenting, creates the first sapient life-form - the Daganites.
1bil BCE - the Psionic capabilities of the Daganites empower the Demons enough to break free from Hell. This begins the Second Demonic War.
350mil BCE - the Daganites have finished "Seeding" the various sapient races of the galaxy.
100mil BCE - the Second Demonic War draws to a close. The Daganites are almost wiped out, and so choose to remain on their homeworld and isolate from the galaxy.
12mil BCE - the Areziki become the galaxy's dominant species, having learned how to create their own gods.
750,000 BCE - the Areziki Empire eventually collapses, largely due to demonic predation thinning their resources and their gods being targeted by Naraz.
500,000 BCE - the Nasper emerge as the new dominant race in the galaxy.
354,000 BCE - The Sorelidd Horde evolves as an independent hive, and becomes a big problem in space
280,000 BCE - the Nasper consolidate their rule over the entire galaxy. By this point, all sapient life has finished evolving. The Void is especially calm thanks to the control of the Nasper, meaning psionic power is rife and Demonic predation is rare.
98,000 BCE - The Terrans have settled into their main subspecies - Humans, Svarnak, Driachi, Astroculi, and Yattin.
71,000 BCE - The Vreggid evolve as an intelligent species, an offshoot of Mutarch experiments on their precursors.
65,000 BCE - The Terrans have successfully formed a unified civilisation on Earth, using psionics to maintain global communications - their technology is around the level of the Romans and Toltecs.
53,000 BCE - Malkaea is born, created from the collective hatred, cruelty, greed, envy, and arrogance of sapient life. He initially tries to be seen as an equal to the High Gods but is quickly rebuked. Enraged, he vows to kill them all and become the only God in the universe. 
47,000 BCE - The Great Calamity - the Nasper attempt to ascend into purely psionic beings, which Naraz and Yothmar find objectionable (Naraz doesn't want mortals to have that power, Yothmar doesn't want them to transcend mortality). Malkaea exploits the new obejctions to divide the gods, and draws them into conflict over this. Said conflict results in the death of all gods present, and Malkaea steals away each of their essences to make it so Yothmar cannot kill him. The Calamity sees conflict on every world with intelligent life on it, and causes civilisational collapse on every species that had made any developments. All sapient life is so badly harmed by the calamity that they are essentially mind-wiped. All technology is forgotten. On Earth, genocidal wars between Humans and non-human Terrans lead to the creation of the Atlantis Project, isolating nonhumans from Humans and neutering humanity's psionic potential. It is formed from Earth's Keystone, a piece of the Dazarec - an ancient device that would allow the user to open a wormhole to all other galaxies, becoming a universal conqueror. Malkaea hopes to use the Dazarec to enslave enough galaxies to generate enough psionic power to merge the physical and psionic worlds together - becoming omnipotent. The massive influx of void energy into the physical universe also leads to the emergence of Sapiovores and Vampires.
32,000 BCE - The Nasper have made some small recovery, managing to rebuild a spacefaring civilisation. They make small contact with the Sarrekk, subtly helping them form the conformist and regimentalised society they are known for
28,000 BCE - The Sarrekk form a world-spanning civilsation
22,000 BCE - The Vreggid begin rebuilding.
15,000 BCE - the Lulamarians emerge, and begin building a new empire to replace the old Nasper Empire. Initially met with much success, Malkaea is enraged by the sudden ascension of a race that would never agree to worship him. So, he has Plague, a Lord of Destruction, make a sterility disease infect the Lulamarians - only 1 in 1000 survive, and of that, only 1 in 1000 are still fertile - worse still, this impacts the fertile's eggs - a fertile Lulamarian will need to lay 1000 eggs to make 1 Lulamarian, and 1,000,000 eggs to make another fertile. They quickly retreat to their homeworld, and the Calvor, a race enslaved by Malkaea, smell weakness, and unleash a Planet Cracker on the Lulamarian homeworld. The few surviving Lulamarians consider wiping out the Calvor for this, but instead subjugate them and take over their world as compensation. The Calvor are astonished that the Lulamarians would even show this level of mercy, and immediately swear absolute loyalty to them out of respect. The Lulamarian's other client races continue to serve the remnant, but Lulamar's ambitions of a new Galactic Empire are dashed completely. Malkaea seizes their homeworld's Keystone in the process.
8,000 BCE - the Malkaean Empire is founded after a number of Dark Angels pledge their allegiance to Malkaea-Palantis. 
7,750 BCE - the Empire vassalises the Rynnic State, after the nuclear war that ended the first Faedron civilisation. The Rynns enslave the Scroffens and become a loyal vassal, using their corporate ventures to extend the reach of the empire beyond its borders, forming the Rynnic Consortium. The Faedrons are chosen as the mortal leaders of the new Empire.
7,500 BCE - the Rynnic Consortium enlists the Lulamarian Assembly's help in creating a servant race of clone warriors from the Urgath. This is the birth of the Golgothans, who soon become the backbone of Malkaean armies. The Lulamarians agree in exchange for help curing the sterility plague, which manifests during the Golgothan's first mission - subjugating the Areziki. The Flesh Shaper is forced to help the Lulamarians, increasing the number of live births and fertiles to 1 in 100.
6,000 BCE - the Malkaean Empire discovers the Zotan homeworld, and decides to genocide rather than enslave them. This is part of a gambit by Malkaea to radicalise the Zotans and increase the amount of hate in the galaxy. The Zotan Keystone is recovered, at the cost of 2 entire Imperial Legions. This sparks resentment of the Empire among the Golgothans.
5,000 BCE - The Sarrekk make their first mission to another world - their moon, which happens to be habitable. 
3,000 BCE - The Sarrekk make contact with other species - the Ultharians become their protectorates (they had not even industrialised), and they ally with the Nasper.
2,700 BCE - the Sarrekk homeworld of Sakkari is invaded by the Empire. They are repelled like the Zotan had before, and this time lost 7 Legions (making it 9 out of 12 legions spent). The Keystone is stolen, but the Golgothans are now becoming openly hostile to these suicide missions.
2,100 BCE - The Coaltion encounters the Myrmex on Tari-Zor, and assumes they are simply more Sorelidds - beginning a war that ends in reparations and an alliance once they realise that the Myrmex are friendly
1,900 BCE - the Golgothans, led by Talgath, launch an uprising against the Empire. This uprising cripples the Empire's ability to expand, and allows the Gologthan Space to become an important power player in the galaxy. While they struggle to repair relations with other species, their military might makes them hard to ignore.
1,600 BCE - A rogue AI on a Vreggid colony interpets its misison of "keep all colonists alive and well" as "absorb the colonists minds to make them immortal" - and then begins to assimilate all Vreggid. As it absorbs more people, it develops empathy, and instead becomes a benign collective that seeks to unify and augment the peoples of the galaxy non-forcibly.
59 BCE - A group of Romans somehow accidentally use a teleport that takes them to Elysium, sparking the Elysian Wars
744 CE - The Vreggid and the Coalition make first contact, and the Vreggid join them
1892 CE - The Coalition makes first contact with the Zotans, who attempt to wipe them out, beginning the Coalition-Zotan War
1914 CE - A Serbian man shoots an Austrian in Bosnia. Germany and Austria engage in war with Russia and France. The UK stays out of the war initially.
1916 CE - rapidly approaching a stalemate, the German Empire invades Belgium in the hopes of encircling the French and taking Paris. This brings the British into the war. The Ottoman Emprie also joins on the side of the Central Powers.
1918 CE - simultaneous revolutions in France and Russia overthrow the old regimes and bring in Communist states. Initially signing peace treaties, these nations are invaded soon after while they are weak. The Americans get involved.
1920 CE - the First World War ends with German, Austrian, and Ottoman defeat. Arabia is united under Arab rule, as the French did not wish to colonise the land, and the British wanted to consolidate their flailing empire rather than take more land than it could handle. The Irish War of Independence is ended in Irish defeat.
1924 CE - Vladimir Lenin, leader of the Soviet Union, dies. He is succeeded by Nikolai Bukharin.
1933 CE - the Nazi Party takes power in Germany.
1935 CE - Huey Long narrowly avoids assassination.
1936 CE - Franklin D Roosevelt wins his second term, with Long as his Secretary of State. Under Long's rule, the State Department becomes a well-oiled machine - albeit highly corrupt.
1937 CE - the Polish Peasant Strikes lead to a national revolution, installing a left-wing government.
1938 CE - Nazi Germany invades Czechoslovakia, starting the Second World War. The British, under the rule of the National Unionist Party, opt to remain neutral. The French, Poles, and Soviets declare war.
1942 CE - The Nazis nearly take Volgograd, Leningrad, and Moscow. Japan nearly takes Vladivostok.
1943 CE - the US joins the war.
1945 CE - the US invades Britain and forces them to join the war.
1946 CE - Hitler commits suicide. His lieutenant Himmler goes into hiding along with members of the Ahnenerbe and the Waffen-SS.
1951 CE - President Long is overthrown by general Douglas MacArthur.
1954 CE - A group of Nazis from the ODESSA group begin receiving whispers from Malkaea
1962 CE - The military dictatorship in the US is finally disbanded.
1993 CE - Robert Davis, a KKK leader and ODESSA member, is contacted by Malkaea, who gives him a sample of Moxidar DNA, which can be used to entice Moxidars.
1996 CE - Davis impregnates Lorna Barrett. Connor Barrett is born this year, as is Trey Morgan - they are both the first natural-born hybrids (Morgan's mother was injected with Moxidar DNA along with several other people by the Optimate Group)
1997 CE - The Coalition-Zotan War ends with the elimination of the Zotan Empire as an independent entity. Several Zotans are brainwashed into joining either the Myrmex or the Vreggid, the rest are left on their homeworld to sulk under occupation
2004 CE - The USSR collapses, leading to the Eurasian Anarchy (imagine if the Yugoslav Wars covered the entire Sino-Soviet Bloc)
2014 CE - (Rotten Core) Barrett starts developing his powers, eventually killing Davis and nearly wiping out ODESSA
2015 CE - (Rotten Core, Rotten Core: Monster Ops) Morgan's powers also develop. A Mutarch lands on Earth, beginning the year-long War of the Beast, which ends with the Cult of the Beast esacping in a rocket to skies unknown. Also, Emre Durak, Alex van Statten, Jenny Samson, and Mike Redstone's powers all awaken.
2016 CE - (Rotten Core: Salvation) Riverside narrowly thwarts nuclear war, finally destroying ODESSA as an organisation and severely damaging the Optimates. A body is recovered from an ODESSA compound. A Fertile Lulamarian crash-lands on Earth, takes refuge with Riverside only to be persued by a Golgothan strike force who believe they were kidnapped by Riverside. After this misunderstanding is cleared up, the Lulamarian, calling themself Kri-Lan, volunteers to stay with them. However, the Lulamarian Assembly invades Earth upon learning that Lulamarians are not affected by the Curse when on Earth, and they wish to conquer and settle the planet in order to save their species. They are repelled, and during their weakness are attacked by the Zotans. Riverside agrees to travel with Kri'Lan to save their people from extinction, ending in the killing of the Zotan Commander, and the Treaty of Alpha Centauri, where Earth is recognised as a rising power, its sovereingty over Sol and neighbouring star systems is accepted, and the Lulamarian Assembly pledge to repay mankind one day.
2017 CE - (Rotten Core: Templar) Barrett's partner and Riverside's chief scientist Chloe Galloway is kidnapped by the recovered body and brought to Elysium. Riverside contacts the Shatterhill Monks, a group of humans tasked with maintaining the Keystone. They manage to go to Elysium, rescue Chloe (who was turned into a Vampire) and deactivate the Keystone, leading to reintergration between Terrans, and the rediscovery of humanity's psionic potential.
2018-2024 CE - (Rotten Core: Unity) Riverside struggle to come to terms with the results of their decision leading to mass discrimination against non-humans and psionics. Worse, their commanding officer is assasinated. The Agency is disbanded, and Connor, Emre, and Trey are forced to work for the International Anomalous Entity Agency (IAEA (pun intended)); both are given memory modifications and bomb collars, and Connor is informed that Sparky's location will be held from him unless he cooperates fully. Meanwhile, Chloe, Alex, Jenny, and Mike all form the Resistance, a group advocating for the freedom of mutants and revolutionary action against the Optimates. Eventually, the three are rescued by the Resistance, Sparky is located and saved, and Riverside is reformed on the side of the Resistance. Initially the group elects Connor as their leader due to being the 'Oldest' (that is, the one whose powers have been active the longest), but Connor does not want to be in charge given his service in the IAEA. Chloe convinces him to take the position, and he agrees as long as she is co-Leader (given that she formed the Resistance in the first place). Eventually, both the IAEA and the Optimates are destroyed. However, Riverside's actions appear to catch the attention of something far greater...
2026-2079 CE - (Rotten Core: Apocalypse) Malkaea ups his attempts to damage Earth, first by launching Charon at Earth (this is narrowly thwarted by Earth's psions, but results in the moon having an unusual orbit - for 6 months at a time, it comes much closer to earth, making high tide far more dangerous. It also results in earth having saturn-like rings), then by releasing a modified version of the virus from Monster Ops which kills most people over 25 and turns them into zombies (this is fixed by Riverside developing a vaccine and largely wiping out the zombies), then by blocking out the sun (which causes worldwide catastrophe and is fixed by Connor physically fighting the void entity causing this blockage), and finally by invading. Riverside organises a resistance to him, and they are supported in their hour of need by the Lulamarians.
2080 CE - (Rotten Core: The Repubic of Man) After all the alien invasions, Earth has been taken over by a xenophobic militant group and renamed the Republic of Man. This group is different to the IAEA regime as it accepts all Terrans, and indeed has good relations with the Lulamarians, but cold relations with the other galactic powers. Riverside act as the Republic's liaison with the Coalition, attempting to improve relations and hopefully restore democracy and remove xenophobia from Earth. Eventually, Riverside are dragged into the war against the Malkaean Empire, and manage to kill the Emperor and trigger the Empire's collapse, while also integrating Earth into the galactic community.
2090 CE - (Rotten Core: Wrath of the Old Gods) - Following the events of the last decade, Malkaea manages to build the Dazarec, which he uses to take control over the Galaxy, and begin sacrificing the peoples of the galaxy. Riverside eventually manage to kill Malkaea by forcing him to possess Connor, who then throws himself into a black hole. Connor is rewarded for his sacrifice by being sent back by Zervlon himself, although unfortunately, he is sent back to 47,000 BCE...
47,000 BCE - 2100 CE = (Rotten Core: The Slow Path) - basically a recount of all Connor's adventures until he is finally reunited with his loved ones. Importantly, Connor being sent back is what establishes the Shatterhill Monks, and also allows him to ensure his own birth, and through that the death of Malkaea. He also influences the timeline in other ways, like prolonguing WW1 to match the timeline written here.