
______________________________
PROLOGUE
	It is autumn, 2015. The world stands on the brink - undone by events decades in the making.

	In 1908, President Theodore Roosevelt made the monumental decision to seek a third term. He won that election in a landslide - his Second Square Deal reforms streamlined the American government, empowering the executive. Satisfied, he stood down at the 1912 election, and Woodrow Wilson took the reins of power.
	That same year, the Tunguska Event terrified locals. None yet knew of the true horrors to come.

	Then, in 1914, a Serbian man shot an Austrian archduke. Almost as soon as German boots crossed into Liege, the British government announced its declaration of war. American businessmen grinned unanimously, making a fortune selling guns and munitions to the Entente.
	1917 was a tumultuous year. Russia had fallen, with fighting between Socialist forces and reactionary remnants.	Yet at the same time, the Ottoman Empire fell to the Arab revolt. American soldiers landed in the trenches of Saint-Mihel, and began to turn the tide against the German juggernaut.

	By 1918, an exhausted continent signed the Treaty of Versailles.
	A wise man once said "The only fair deal is one where no-one is happy."
	A much wiser man once said "This is not a peace. It is an armistice for 20 years."

	Imperialism carried on as if nothing had happened - as if it didn't just result in an entire generation being fed into the meat-grinders.
	In Ireland, hopeful revolutionaries who had been fighting since Easter, 1916 - and 800 years before then - believed they were going to win. Their hopes were dashed by chance - a string of unlikely British victories, along with the assassination of IRA leadership, ended in a smouldering Eire with the Union Jack still flying over the ashes of Dublin.
	The Imperial Boomerang was in full effect - the Empire's totalitarianism abroad fostered totalitarianism at home. Strikes were outlawed, the nascent Labour Party was disbanded, and the British State - and its disgustingly wealthy owners - reigned supreme.
	Across the Empire, things were no different. Egypt faced a brutal crackdown and was forced under direct rule from London; Canada had prison camps built specifically for the internment of Quebecois nationalists; the colonies of Oceania were reforged into the Commonwealth of Australasia, whose first Act of Parliament was the "White Australasia Policy" and the 'pacification' of indigenous rebels; the combined Dominion of South Africa absorbed Namibia and Rhodesia, with criminals across the Empire being deported to the 'frontier' - the goal being the elimination of the Black Native as a sovereign force.
	Perhaps most dystopian of all, for the peoples of the Raj, nothing changed at all.
	In fact, the only Imperialist quagmire avoided was in Arabia. Focus on consolidation of its existing Empire meant the British had no interest in Sykes-Picot - instead viewing a unified Hashemite kingdom as a valuable proxy state. The "Hashemite Kingdom of Arabia," stretching from Palestine to Baghdad and Damascus to Sana'a, had as much independence as you could want - aside from every major corporation in the kingdom being a British, American, or French subsidiary.

	And yet, as the British Empire tightened its grip on its quicksilver colonies, and as the French struggled to reconcile Liberté, Egalité, and Fraternité with Autorité, Iniquité, and Vanité, the Russian Empire was consigned to the history books. The Russian Civil War ended in a victory for the Soviet Red Army - a coaltion force of Bolsheviks, Mensheviks, Orthodox Marxists, Radical Socialists, Liberals and Anarchists who had had a Damascene conversion, and more - all eventually coagulating into the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
	Then, in a mansion in Gorki in 1924, Vladimir Lenin breathed his last. He was succeeded by a troika of Nikolai Bukharin, Leon Trotsky, and Grigory Zinoviev. Josef Stalin, and his Bonapartist clique, were ousted after his disastrous performance in the Polish-Soviet war - but his cronies began the work of infiltrating the state apparatus.
	The war had brought Eurasia to its knees. But thankfully, careful industrialisation, organised collectivisation, the New Economic Policies, and decentralised leadership managed to prevent a food shortage in Ukraine and Kazakhstan from becoming a full-fledged famine.

	The Great Depression shattered the American spirit, but from the ashes, Senator Huey Long built a national machine with his "Share Our Wealth" program.
	President Franklin D. Roosevelt responded with his own New Deal, but the political landscape was fractured. In 1934, the shadowy "Business Plot" to overthrow the government was exposed and thwarted by the heroic testimony of General Smedley Butler, revealing the rot at the heart of American capital.
	In 1935, a son of a judge shot Long in the chest - hitting his pocketbook. Long's bodyguard immediately slew the assassin, but the Kingfish's paranoia and megalomania only grew. Convinced of a vast right-wing conspiracy out to get him - not entirely without merit, it must be said - he knew exactly what to do. The 1936 elections were looming, and he approached FDR with a choice - Give me power, or I'll run as a spoiler.

	The Democratic Party wanted nothing to do with Long's populist policies, but Roosevelt knew he couldn't win with Long in the running - so he approached him, covertly. He expected an egomaniac who would demand the Vice Presidency for himself - but instead, he fell into the traps of a shrewd political operator.
	Long demanded appointment as head of the WPA, the key agency of the New Deal - and demanded that said appointment be made a cabinet position. He also demanded General Butler be made Secretary of War.
	Roosevelt was surprised, but agreed hastily to the terms, leading to the resignation of his Vice President, Garner. In response, Long made one additional demand - appoint Henry Wallace as VP.
	The 1936 election was won by the new administration in a landslide. America experienced a shift in politics not seen since the Reconstruction era, with increasing civil rights, redistribution of wealth, and the ascent of radical new figures.
	As the Share Our Wealth platform overtook the New Deal, America began a parallel process - economic justice, and a growing patronage network, with the Kingfish at the top.

Roosevelt to Roosevelt
______________________________
PROLOGUE
	But while the USA saw exposure of fascist plots, and the USSR saw a new age of democratic socialism, the European Continent went rabid.
	In Italy, the home of the word 'Empire,' Benito Mussolini's Blackshirts marched on Rome, forging a fascist model others were eager to follow. Their brutal conquest of Ethiopia, their genocidal actions in Libya, their annexation of Albania, and their puppeteering of Greece, made them seem like the kings of the New Order in Europe.
	That is, until another king entered the castle. In Germany, the Nazi Party rose to power on a tide of resentment, its growth fueled by a brutal campaign of street violence and a new, escalating terror campaign by the radicalized KPD. 
	Hitler was well aware of the growing resentment to capitalism, and so he used an ancient trick to Empire - blame someone else. Every rich pig in German high society was quick to blame all the problems of their robber-baronism on a secret, Jewish cabal. Antisemitism was the greatest tool of German capital - an imaginary group of devious financiers, obscuring the very real group of devious financiers, all swearing fealty to the Fuhrer.

	The Soviet Union, seeing full well the growing fascist movements, did not sit idly by like the isolationists in Washington. It provided arms and advisors to communist proxies in the Chinese Civil War and watched Poland closely, forging a pact with France in the face of British indifference to the inevitable war.
	The eruption of civil war in Spain doused Europe in gasoline. The Republican forces saw support from France and the USSR, along with tepid aid from America; meanwhile the goons of General Franco saw aid from Germany and Italy, along with similarly tepid support from Britain. At the same time, the great Polish Peasant Strike of 1937 devolved into a fratricidal free-for-all, with populist militias fighting the Sanationist regime, and infighting between the rebel forces; some gleefully accepting Moscow's support, others chafing under Soviet direction. The battle lines were drawn.
	In 1938, those lines were crossed, and the spark was lit; German forces swept into Czechoslovakia and Poland, citing border incidents with Soviet clients. That same year, the Nazi regime quietly initiated Aktion T4 - the murder of the disabled, and Phase 1 of the coming nightmares.

	Britain, under Chamberlain and fearing a resurgent USSR more than Hitler, declared neutrality. Backbencher Winston Churchill failed to mobilise a pro-war movement - none of his Tory peers wanted to fight and die for Russian Communists, and his own imperialist demagoguery made him no friends among the proscribed socialists.

	Isolated, Paris fell within months, a puppet regime installed at Vichy. Madrid followed, with direct intervention from Wehrmacht troops crushing the remaining Republican forces.
	America, under an increasingly frail FDR and a secretly-dying Butler, extended Lend-Lease to the desperate Soviets, despite the protestation of the isolationist Long. In response, German U-boats began sinking Atlantic convoys, which only enraged the American public and further wounded the Isolationist movement.
	If the Kingfish wanted to keep his crown, he needed to adapt.

	In the Pacific, Japan's hunger for empire only grew. Its proxy war in China, coupled with total humiliation in Khalkin Gol, led to the sidelining of the Army, with the immense Zaibatsu corporations backing the Imperial Navy's ambitions for Pacific dominance. The army was instead ordered to focus on China, while the 'real war' would be fought at sea. Plans were drawn up for operations to begin in Feburary, 1940.
	The resentment, along with extremist racism endemic to the army, lead to horrific atrocities across China. From sickening experiments in Manchuria that would make Frankenstein pale, to unspeakable brutality in Nanjing - if an alien force was looking at Eurasia, they'd see two increasingly disgusting genocides, spreading like wildfire.
	While the IJA committed crime after crime, the IJN struck across the pacific - first, seizing French territories in Indochina; then, taking Indonesia from the occupied Dutch; and last, attacking British and American holdings - culminating in its occupation of the Phillipines and a sponsored uprising of Hindu nationalists in the Raj - and at the same time, a shocking invasion of Hawaii.

	A vengeful Congress, shepherded by Butler, declared war on the Axis - against a U-Boat campaign in the Atlantic, and a mass-expansion in the Pacific. Long knew he couldn't fight for isolation anymore - so he, ever the masterful spin doctor, got to work re-framing the war as a continuation of his campaign against Wall Street - a fight against fat cats, at home and abroad, who would dare to threaten the American people.
	The crowds went wild. The Kingfish had done it again.
	And then, in June of 1940, Smedley Butler went to the doctor with complaints of stomach pains. It was cancer. He resigned from the administration, and spent his last few weeks at home with his family, praying that his work would be done.
	The stresses of war, a hostile underling, and rage from Wall Street, took their toll on Roosevelt. First a small stroke, then a major one, and like Wilson before him, the President was bedbound.
	Long knew the administration would be paralysed as long as FDR's heart was still beating. And so, to ensure his now-puppet Wallace could ascend to the highest office, the unthinkable was ordered. Rumours say it was Long himself who smothered the old man - but there was never any proof of foul play.

	On the Eastern Front, the full might of the Wehrmacht plunged deep into Soviet territory. The conflict became one of annihilation, and the Nazi regime's genocidal ambitions escalated into the industrialised horror of the Holocaust. 6 million Jewish people, 1.5 million Roma and Sinti, hundreds of thousands of dissidents - all burned in the charnel houses of Europe. In parallel, Generalplan Ost, and Organisation Todt, depopulated Eastern and Central Europe, as hunger policies caused famine to rip through the Bread Basket, while forced labour claimed millions of lives to feed the German war machine.
	Fascist forced mobbed outside of Leningrad, Moscow, and 'Fortress Crimea', but the Red Army, ever defiant, made the invaders pay for every inch. The German advance was finally, and decisively, broken in the ruins of Volgograd.

	The American war machine, now ruthlessly organizsd by Long's shadow network, awoke. Its first great victory was the bloody liberation of occupied Hawaii. For London, however, the Raj slowly slipping from its grasp sent a message across the Empire - "They can be beaten."
	A wave of mass strikes and demonstrations in Canada was the first sign of the British Empire's death rattle. The Governer-General authorised a crackdown on any revolutionary impulse within the country, leading to masses of refugees arriving in the Northern USA.
	The de-facto Long administration, made up of isolationists-turned-hawks, smelled blood. The American people were largely sympathetic to their northern neighbours, and so, the unthinkable happened - the execution of War Plan Crimson. American invasion of Canada.

	The invasion was swift - the US Army was welcomed into Ottawa with only token resistance. To the Canadians' horror, however, the Americans decided that independence was not their destiny - instead, the Provinces of Canada became incorporated as States. The anti-Empire movement was split - some supporting American statehood, with most demanding total independence - and a not-insignificant Loyalist minority only added further fuel to the fire.
	Losing Canada and the Raj sent a clear message across the Empire - Australasia was next, declaring unilateral independence; while South Africa threw out the British, and welcomed the Germans - becoming a non-belligerent Axis pact member. The African colonies broke free in near-unison, while the Caribbean saw American occupation replace British dominance. Ireland tried once again to break free, but the British, now no longer needing to station forces away from the Isles, had another idea.
	Driven mad by the unstoppable collapse of its Empire, and fueled by rabid hatred towards the birthplace of anti-Imperial action, the punishment of Ireland made the failed Independence War seem tame in its bloodshed. Having taken out its frustrations on the Emerald Isle, Britain sued for peace with the American juggernaut.
	Come the 1944 elections, President Long swore his oath of office to crowds of cheering supporters. Vice President Wallace stood beside him, secretly hating his puppeteering ways.

	Back in Europe, the Nazi forces floundered against the Soviet walls. Pushed back to Berlin, with uprisings across Western Europe and a looming American invasion, the Soviets decided to end this war with flair. Twice in a century, they'd faced German aggression - this time, with the crime of crimes being committed against their citizens. They were determined that the German people would never again threaten them.
	Thousands of theoretical physicists had escaped the Reich and its proxies. While a few went to America or Britain, both countries' deepening authoritarianism made a different destination appeal - Moscow.
	Codenamed the "Chelyabinsk Project," a new type of weapon was designed. It was clear that, as long as Berlin stood, the Axis stood with it. The Soviet army had lost millions in the war, and taking Berlin would only bleed them dry - and they needed troops to secure the fracturing Reich, let alone their Eastern flank.
	On the 18th of May, 1946, a single plane flew above Berlin. All anti-air defences in the city were destroyed by successive bombing campaigns - a reverse-Blitz of epic proportion. The plane flew as high as it could, and dropped a single bomb, targeted at the Reich chancellery building, and the Fuhrerbunker beneath.
	In an instant, a light beyond light engulfed the square, blinding all for miles who dared to look at it. A massive fireball swirled out, and a mushroom cloud formed above the centre of the Reich. Shockwaves ripped up the ground beneath, with famous monuments being reduced to ash, rubble, and memories.
	Not since the Thirty Years' War had Berlin seen such devastation.
	Hundreds of thousands of civilians were vaporised alongside the Reich. Demoralised and terrified, the remaining holdouts surrendered immediately. The leadership of the Nazi Party, who had merely 4 years prior been the kings of Europe, were missing, presumed dust.
	Across Eurasia, Japan failed to fight a two-front war. With Soviet troops now free to cross into Manchuria, their army folded, as the Red Flag raised above Beijing and Seoul. Terrified of Soviet occupation, the Imperial government surrendered to the Americans.

	In Washinton, the end of the war with a planet-cracking bullet point led to panic among the new elite of Long's network. Wallace's clique believed that the USSR were potential allies, and that they should secure the future of the world by formalising this alliance. Meanwhile, General Douglas MacArthur, who had grown in power and influence throughout the war, wanted to steal the secret superweapon that had melted Berlin, and use it again - on Moscow.
	Long, tired, pained, and jaded, couldn't hope to reconcile the two bitter foes. Realising his pursuit of high office was all for nothing, and his dirty tricks had only enabled the same hawkish technocrats to take the reins, the President wrote a note, placed it in his desk, and went for a walk into the woods, alone. He was never found.

	Wallace's ascent was marked by instability, with MacArthur's clique accusing him of murdering Long. Wallace managed to organise the post-war order of Europe, and stepped down at the 1948 elections, placing the keys to the Oval Office into the hands of President MacArthur, and Vice President Robert Taft. The New Deal, the Share Our Wealth project, the age of Every Man a King, was gone. In its place was the beginning of a new war.

	A very, very... Cold one.

The Second World War
______________________________
PROLOGUE
	Backed by the resentful oligarchy, America began its divine mission: to contain a socialist bloc that stretched from Madrid to Seoul.
	Europe fractured: France, Iberia, and much of the East aligned with Moscow, while Britain built a rival coalition of anti-communist states in northern Europe - the European "Democratic" Union.

	In 1962, the Hashemite Kingdom of Arabia fell to Ba'athist revolutionaries. Religious and ethnic tensions still smouldered underneath, suppressed by the watchful eye of the Party.
	China, guided by the orthodox Wang Ming after Mao's quiet ouster, threw its lot in with the Soviets. Nixon never went to China, and as it industrialised, the Soviet bloc seemed unstoppable. Even India and Arabia quietly bowed to the communist juggernauts.

	Ireland remained under British rule. Another, slighly more successful revolt, led to devolution for Connaught, Leinster, and Munster - collectively known as the Autonomy. Ulster, however, was still ruled straight from London, with gerrymandering allowing the Protestant minority to hold a majority of power.
	The Troubles never ended. The Catholic provinces had substantial Loyalist minorities, imported over by the Brits after its brutal depopulation strategy of 1944. No Irish state could be born without mass-terrorism from its Loyalist subjects - a fifth column, and a hallmark of British imperial strategy: Divide and Rule.

	Surprisingly, the two superpowers managed to avoid a nuclear arms race. Wallace had hobbled the early efforts of the so-called "Manhattan" project, while the Soviets had no interest in building superweapons instead of train lines. While both powers continued research into peaceful nuclear power, and secretly maintained a tiny arsenal of weaponry, neither openly pointed global annihilation at the other.

	Elsewhere in the nascent anti-communist bloc, the capitalist nations pursued reactionary politics to divide their working class. Apartheid carried on alive and well in South Africa. Australasia became a brutal police state, propping up puppet states in Papua and Indonesia. In the States, the Civil Rights Act of 1947 was still on the books, but was swiftly undermined by crypto-racist policies that restored segregation in all but name.

	Come 1994, Chairman Mikhail Gorbachev was ousted in a soft coup by Marshal Dimitry Kruglov. At long last, Stalin's progeny had taken the throne. The simmering rot in the Soviet state had reached its top, and Kruglov's cronies soon enriched themselves, becoming no different to the oligarchs of America they decried.
	The rest of the Soviet Bloc embraced this change, and Bonapartist leaders took power across Eurasia. In Poland, General Jaruzelski declared martial law, outlawing strikes and crushing dissent. In the Balkans, leaders like Milosevic and Boban took power in regional republics, claiming ethnic loyalty over class solidarity.
	Socialists across the globe were horrified at this shift, while separatist movements and religious extremists chafed under centralised rule.

	In 2002, mass uprisings in Derry escalated into the brutal "Bogside War." Loyalist paramilitaries, openly backed by the British state, bombed schools and massacred civilians. Britain's authoritarian grip only tightened in the aftermath - an inevitability of colonialism coming home to roost.
	Ulster Catholics decided their time was up. They emigrated - either southwards to the Autonomy, or further out to Iberia. Many ended up using their experience in seperatist warfare to aid regional paramilitaries like the ETA.

	And then, in 2009, Eurasia fell into anarchy. Continued instability, growing nationalist movements, and the assassination of Kruglov by rebels caused the mighty USSR to collapse. Its satellites followed suit - Poland came under a fundamentalist Catholic Junta, the Balkan Federation collapsed into a practical race war, and China fell into a familiar era of warlord cliques - Xinjiang, Tibet, Manchuria, Qinghai, and a weakened central remnant.

	By 2015, Britain and the United States stand as hollowed-out powers - right-wing kleptocracies where democracy is theatre, wealth is power, and resistance is futile.
	
	The world is on the verge of a new, horrifying order.
	Earth is a land of decaying empires and failed states, rotten to the core.

	The old world is dying. The new world struggles to be born.

	Now is the time of monsters.

Time of Monsters
______________________________
PRIMER
	The following page contains a list of all countries large enough to act on a regional stage, or are of significant importance to regional politics, along with quick information about their politics.

	Western Europe
		Fifth French Republic
			Founded in the 1950's with a brand-new constitution, the French Republic, though not communist, found itself aligned with and dependent on the Soviet Union after the devastation of the Second World War. Its recovery was long and slow, but its relative disconnect from the wider Soviet bloc allowed it to withstand the collapse of 2009 largely unscathed, if now missing its primary trading partner. The French Republic is a semi-presidential system, where the President has authority over the cabinet and appoints the PM, while the PM handles the day-to-day running of the executive. It has a multi-party democracy, with its parliament being divided into 3 groups of 100 - 100 seats are chosen via Proportional Representation, the Metropole of France is divided into 100 regions that elect representatives using two-round voting, and 100 seats whose members are selected at random from the voting public via sortition. This system ensures that France's politics are highly democratic - if highly fractured and prone to gridlock.
			With the collapse of the Eastern Bloc, the French Republic has been pushed towards trade with other European partners, such as Germany and Iberia. Relations between it and the British - and by extention, the EDU - remain tense.
		German Democratic Republic (DDR)
			While the Nazi leadership and hundreds of thousands of civilians perished in the atomic flames in Berlin, the idea of Germany as a nation-state never died. Extensive rebuilding efforts in the post-war era resulted in the rebirth of Germany as a communist client state. Democratisation reforms began in the 60s, leading to a new constitution and multi-party federal democracy. Despite, or perhaps because of the reforms, the Socialist Unity Party or 'SED' has ruled the new Germany uninterrupted since reestablishment.
			The political system of the DDR resembles a synthesis of the Soviet system and the French model. It has, in essence, two governments - the 'primary' government consisting of a president, a chancellor, a federal parliament, a number of states, et cetera; and the 'council' system, made up of hundreds of autonomous worker's councils, all sending their representatives to the Congress of Workers, which has the ability to override parliament and impeach the executive branch.
		Confederation of the Low Countries
			A loosely-bound union of three kingdoms - Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg. Each one has virtually identical political systems - a federal parliament, and devolved regional authorities. The only exception is the tiny Luxembourg, whose government system is unitary. All three are bound by a mutual customs union, the Confederation - which also represents the three on the world stage, coordinating their foreign policy.
			All three kingdoms were occupied by the Nazis during WW2, and, fearful of potential Communist takeovers, formed the Confederation and allied it with the nascent British bloc - the European Democratic Union. Their political systems are largely identical to the British Westminster model - however unlike contemporary Britain, their elections are somewhat more democratic.
	Central Europe
		Swiss Confederation
			The only non-microstate in Central Europe that didn't fight in the First World War, the Swiss have always prided themselves on neutrality. That is, until the seemingly unbeatable Germans launched Operation Tannenbaum in 1941. While their humiliating loss at the hands of the Swiss didn't quite turn the war around, it undoubtably inspired resistance to the Reich across Europe. As 'payment' for this, following the end of the war, the Swiss Confederation expanded to include the cantons of Voralberg and Liechtenstein. These expansions caused ethnic tensions across the confederation - the major increase in the ethnic German population caused the French, Italian, and Romansh minorities to fear their being sidelined. While the tensions have never escalated into open carnage, largely thanks to the decentralised nature of the Confederation, they have lead to political gridlock; with minority cantons often demanding concessions to legislation proposed by German ones.
			The Swiss political system is highly decentralised, with several sovereign Cantons governing themselves by and large. In addition, the region has a long tradition of local popular assemblies and rule-by-referendum. While Switzerland had made token efforts to renew neutrality following the end of the Second World War, they quickly gave way due to fears of encroaching communist influence. Instead, Switzerland is an observing member of the European Democratic Union, while trying to maintain good relations with its neighbours.
		Austrian Republic
			Austria had been a part of the German Reich since the Anschluss shortly before war. It had been Hitler's homeland, and indeed had been a fascist state before annexation. Following the war, it remained under occupation with the rest of Germany. Initially, voices in the Soviet government supported allowing Austria to remain within Germany as a state. However, the eventual plan had Austria reborn as an independent state. While Germany's communist movement was mass and organised, the KPO was without leadership - following the same reforms as Germany did in the 60s, it instead became a conservative republic, aligning itself with the EDU.
			Its political system is a unitary republic, following the Westminster model of a Prime Minister beholden to Parliament. Despite its history as a federal system, it maintains centralised rule from Vienna, fearing endless political gridlock as is often seen in Western Europe.
		Czechoslovak Socialist Republic
			One of the first countries to be occupied by the Nazis in WW2, Czechoslovakia was reforged by the Red Army as a socialist republic. Its political system was not unlike the usual Soviet-bloc states - Workers elected representatives to their council, which then sent representatives to the Supreme Council, who would confirm cabinet. Officially, all Members of the Councils were members of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia, but in practice this was a formality - candidates had primary elections where different factions could compete, making the system functionally a no-party democracy. Despite the country being composed of two nations - Czechia and Slovakia - it was ruled as a unitary state, the idea being that this would foster a unified "Czechoslovak" nationalism.
			Unfortunately, in practice this meant centralisation on Prague to the expense of Bratislava. The Czech majority rarely concerned itself with the preservation of Slovak culture, instead viewing assimilation as the inevitable future. This only worsened during the Kruglov era throughout the bloc, as centralist leaders took power in Prague.
			Once the crisis of 2009 began, the looming threat of civil war threatened to rip the country apart - but when news of the horrific race wars in the Balkans reached Prague and Bratislava, the populace turned against separatism *and* centralism, leading to the army deposing the current leadership and scheduling immediate elections. The reforms of 2011 led to the country being reorganised as a federation of two equal members. As such, the CSR may be, aside from perhaps Germany, the most successful post-Soviet socialist state, maintaining its political system and internal stability despite the Eurasian Wars burning across two continents.
		Hungarian People's Republic
			Technically speaking, this is the second time Hungary has been ruled as a socialist republic - but this is the first time it lasted more than a few months. Under the rule of Admiral Horthy, Hungary was a loyal puppet of the German Reich, the Holocaust being particularly successful there. Following the capture of Budapest by Soviet forces, a sweeping purge of all bureaucrats loyal to the old regime led to the ascendancy of the Communist Party of Hungary. Like the majority of socialist states in the Bloc, Hungary doesn't have a tradtional parliamentary or party system - the Communist Party is the ruling party, but a number of factions or cliques have formed within. During the Kruglov years of 94-09, the nation like most Bloc states fell under personalistic rule. For Hungary, that was the rule of Ferenc Toth, who died in 2006 and was replaced by the more democratic Laszlo Bakos, who managed to maintain uneasy stablilty during the '09 crisis. He is currently ruling Hungary as Premier, but radical, anti-communist forces still remain in the countryside - many of whom would dearly like to take advantage of Romania's current pains and seize Transylvania.
		People's Republic of Romania (former)
			Like many nations in Europe, Romania found itself occupied by the Soviet Union following WW2. The postwar order saw it regain territory in Transylvania, but it lost its eastern dominions of Moldova and Bucovina. Unlike most Communist Parties in the Bloc, the CPR had been a personalistic clique-show from early on, with dictator Nicolae Ceausescu ruling with a near-iron fist. His death, offically ruled to be from illness but suspected to be a KGB assassination, led to the country being run by generals from the late 80's up until 2009, a regime nicknamed "Four-star Communism."
			With the crisis of 2009 resulting in mass uprising across the Bloc, the Romanian junta fractured, with generals carving out petty fiefdoms similarly to the process unfolding in the USSR. To this day, Romania remains a warzone, with no legitimate government.
	Northern Europe
		United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
			A constitutional monarchy situated on the British Isles, the UK entered the cold war as a shadow of its former Empire. Isolated from the now overwhelmingly socialist continent, relying on the hated, Empire-thieving, "Usurping States of America" for patronage, it maintains a veneer of regional power through its de-facto leadership of the anti-communist, pro-monarchy European Democratic Union.
			It currently posseses a two-party system, split between the right-wing National Unionist Party, and the centre-right United People's Party. A small third party, the United Socialist Party, holds a tiny number of seats in Parliament. There is an unspoken agreement between the two major parties that, should the USP gain momentum, they would band together to stop it.
			During the 50s, the government largely sought to pacify its unruly working class, enacting several economic reforms including free education, healthcare, childcare, public transit - the British welfare state. However, the 80s saw political leaders make a pivot, selling off state assets to their wealthy donors, and gutting the social safety net. The only remaining vestage of social democracy is the National Health Service, or NHS. Aside from that, the only major state-owned enterprise is the Public Broadcast Corporation, or PBC - the propaganda arm of the government.
			The British Royal Family is known as the House of Branbury, originally the house of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, the name was changed by King George V in order to sound less 'German.' Despite initial plans to base the new family culture on the town of Windsor, the new name was met with approval from the public. By 2015, the current monarch is King Michael, who ascended to the throne in 1971 following the death of his father, Edward VIII.
		Kalmar Union
			Like the Low Countries, the Kalmar Union is a loose confederation and economic union of the monarchies in the region - those being Denmark, Sweden, and Norway. Similar to them, these countries operate under the Westminster model, though perhaps due to their proximity to socialist states, their governments have historically been social-democratic to avoid worker revolt. The kingdoms of Scandinavia are full members of the European Democratic Union.
			Denmark historically possessed Iceland and Greenland as colonies, however these were both seized by the USA during WW2.
		Icelandic Republic
			Declaring independence from American occupation in the 50s, Iceland is mainly an outsider to European politics. It largely remains isolationist, toeing the American party line in exchange for domestic autonomy.
			The Icelandic government is run as a unitary, parliamentary social democracy, with proportional representation.
		Finnish Worker's Republic
			After the Russian Revolution, Finland declared independence as a non-aligned republic. This status remained until the Second World War, when a worker's revolt organised in no small part by Trotsky made the county easy pickings for the Red Army's advance. Many wished to re-annex the nation as the Finnish SSR, but instead, it became the Finnish Worker's Republic, one of many client states in Europe.
			Quickly, however, it established itself as willing to defy Mother Russia on occaision - maintaining surprisingly friendly relations with the monarchies of Scandinavia, and like the DDR, it developed a hybrid political system - in this case, a mix of the Westminster system and the Soviet model. In Finland, elections for MPs are held in local constituencies, and the parliament appoints the Prime Minister along with Cabinet - however, like in Germany, a separate assembly for representatives of the Soviet councils oversees Parliament and has absolute veto power over the rest of the government.
			When the '09 crisis began, Finland emerged largely unscathed, barring small-scale spillover from the Karelian ASSR. Its first move was to secure Murmansk, Karelia, and of course the symbolic heart of the revolution - Leningrad. As of 2015, Leningrad is the provisional seat of government for the Soviet remnant forces.
			Being one of the most stable nations on the border to the former USSR, Finland has the highest refugees-per-capita of any nation on Earth, with a massive 14% of the population being refugees from the USSR.
	Southern Europe
		Iberian Federation
			After the Second World War, the newly-reestablished and war-torn Spanish Republic found itself sitting next to a similarly-liberated Portugal. Alone, neither could hope to rebuild a functional economy - in particular, the growing separatist movements in Catalonia and the Basque Country threatened the fragile republic. In order to placate the separatists and strengthen the nation in one fell swoop, the Iberian Federation was formed. Existing largely as a client state to the French, it copied their political system nearly-wholesale, with one exception - as a federal state, its members (Spain, Catalonia, Portugal, Galicia, and the Basque Country) have the right to exercise a veto on any federal law. While this ensures that no state can impose its will on another, it makes any unified federal action almost impossible.
		Balkan Federation (former)
			For the second half of the 20th century, the Balkan Federation was famous as a shining example of how class solidarity could overcome ethnic tensions. Formed as a merger of Yugoslavia, Bulgaria, Albania, and Greece, the Federation's government was virtually identical to the Soviet model - the other shining example of a plurinational socialist federation. Ruled from 1948 until his death in 1980 by Josip Broz Tito, the Federation was held together by his vision and willpower. Under his rule, workers took ownership of their labour, women and minorities enjoyed full civil rights, and the country prospered under Tito's benevolent premiership.
			Unfortunately, the reliance of such a system on one man meant that, with his death, things began to change. First, he was suceeded by several who felt that the whole Federation should be nothing more than Greater Serbia; their policies of centralisation in Belgrade led to regional republics chafing under the new system. Nationalist backlash began taking root, and the first shots of the coming Eurasian Wars began when Serb paramilitaries launched a coup d'etat on the Bosniak parliament. The spark now lit, the Federation imploded.
			Nowadays, the Federation is still a brutal warzone, with extremist groups committing crimes so severe, it has lead to the coinage of a new term - 'Ethnic Cleansing.'
		Turkish Republic
			After the defeat of the Ottoman Emprie in 1918, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk began a new movement, centered on modernising and secularising the nation. To this day, Kemalism remains the de jure ruling ideology of the Turkish Republic, with the military and deep state in particular being very willing to remove any leaders proposing a move away from Kemalism.
			Beginning in the 50s and 60s, however, multiple divergent strains of Kemalism started to be born. Liberal Kemalism, for instance, supports limited democratic reforms and privatisation, whereas Left Kemalism seeks to expand state control of the economy while promoting a more inclusive vision of Turkish nationality, in particular with regards to the "Kurdish question."
			However, since the early 2000s, the country has been ruled by Birkan Ecevit, a "Right Kemalist" who has ruled the country with an iron fist.
			In terms of geopolitics, the state remained neutral through the Second World War, and after the war found itself bordered by the Balkan Federation, the USSR, and the united Arab Kingdom. Retaining its policy of non-alignment, this changed when the Ba'athist Revolution and the Egyptian Islamic Revolution happened in the 60s and 70s, as the Turkish Republic aligned itself with the modernist, secularist, nationalist United Arabian Federation against the rising tide of Wahhabist Islamism.
			Following the collapse of the Soviet Bloc, the Turkish Republic has engaged in limited interventions in the Balkans and Central Asia. Of particular controversy was its "Operation Iron Shepherd," the invasion of Cyprus, Macedonia, and Thrace. Cyprus was subject to partition, while the Greek territories were established as a puppet state. 
		Hellenic Republic
			A tiny rump state existing primarily in Macedonia, Thrace, and Southern Cyprus, the Third Hellenic Republic was established during Operation Iron Shepherd as a client of the Turkish Republic. It is unpopular with the locals due to its authoritarian governance and perceived selling-out to Turkey. The political system of the Third Republic is as-yet undetermined - it is currently a military junta composed of Turkish and collaborationist generals. Many locals fear this is just the prelude to a full-scale re-annexation by a neo-Ottoman Empire. As such, any attempts to expand into Western Greece have been met with intense hostility - ironically, this has reduced overall bloodshed in Western Greece, as the various rebel factions put aside their differences to defend themselves from Turkish and Collaborationist invasion.
		Republic of Italy
			Italy had been a leading Axis power durign the Second World War. While largely inconsequential as a military power, the symbolic homeland of Fascism was not spared occupation following the defeat. However, during the invasion, several figures in the government agreed to launch a coup against Mussolini, resulting in a short-lived civil war between the Italian government and a German puppet state. Following the end of the war, the Italian resistance were able to quickly re-establish civil governance, but King Victor Emmanuel III was 'persuaded' to abdicate in order to clearly demarcate the new Republic from the old Kingdom.
			Like many parliamentary republics, the Italian political system is primarily governed by Parliament and the Prime Minister who heads cabinet. The elected President exercises similar powers to a monarch in a constitutional monarchy.
	Eastern Europe
		People's Republic of Poland
		Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (former)
	North Africa
		Kingdom of Morocco
		People's Democratic Republic of Algeria
		Tunisian Democratic Republic
		Republic of Libya
		Islamic Republic of Egypt
		Republic of the Sudan
		Islamic Republic of Mauritania
	Western Africa
		Federal Republic of Nigeria
		Liberian Republic
		People's Republic of Burkina Faso
		Republic of Ghana
		Malian Republic
		Republic of Niger
		Smaller states (Benin, Cape Verde, Gambia, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Cote d'Ivoire, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Togo)
	Eastern and Central Africa
		African People's Union
			(Ethiopia, Somalia, Kenya, Eritrea, Djibouti)
		Republic of South Sudan
		Malawi People's Republic
		Democratic Republic of Tanzania
		Republic of Uganda
		Democratic Republic of the Congo
		Republic of Rwanda
		Democratic Republic of Cameroon
		Republic of Chad
		Smaller states (Central African Republic, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Sao Tome)
	Southern Africa
		Republic of South Africa-Rhodesia
		People's Republic of Angola
		Republic of Mozambique
		Republic of Madagascar
	Western Asia
		United Arabian Federation
		Shahdom of Iran
		Georgian SSR
		Azeri Republic
		Republic of Armenia
		Kurdish People's Republic
	Southern Asia
		Indian Republic
		Republic of Pakistan
		Bangladeshi Democratic Republic
		Republic of Sri Lanka
		Federation of Indochina
		Kingdom of Thailand
		Burmese Union
		Kingdom of Bhutan
		People's Republic of Nepal
	Central Asia
		Kazakh SSR
		Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan
		Kyrgyz Free State
		Islamic Republic of Turkmenistan
		Tajik Republic
		Uzbek National Republic
	East Asia
		East Turkestan/Xinjiang
		Free Republic of Northeastern China
		Tibetan Free State
		Mongolian Federal People's Republic
		Democratic Republic of Qinghai
		Peope's Republic of China
		Democratic People's Republic of Korea
		Republic of Taiwan
		State of Japan
	Oceania and Indo-Pacific
		Commonwealth of Oceania
		Republic of Indonesia
		Philippine Republic
		United Kindoms of Malaysia
		Papua Democratic Republic
	North America & Caribbean
		United States of America
		United Mexican States
		Republic of Cuba
		Nicaraguan Republic
		Smaller states (Haiti, Dominican Republic, Carribbean Island Territories, Central American republics)
	South America
		Argentine Republic
		Plurinational State of Bolivia
		Federative Republic of Brazil
		Republic of Chile
		Republic of Colombia
		Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
		Republic of Peru
		Smaller states (Ecuador, Guyanas, Paraguy, Uruguay)

A Rotting World
______________________________
TLDR
	The key differences between Rotten Core's history and ours boil down to 3 points:
		1. Vladimir Lenin was succeeded by a triumvirate, rather than by Stalin. The USSR was much closer to its founding ideals, and the Eastern Bloc was much more unified - the Sino-Soviet split never happened, for example. But by 1994, the bureaucracy founded by Stalin's supporters took over across the Eastern bloc. They ruled for 15 years, when in 2009 the entire bloc collapsed into brutal civil war - imagine the Yugoslav wars, but covering nearly all of Eurasia.
		2. Huey Long, the founder of modern American populism, survived his 1935 assassination, and went on to become the puppetmaster of the American government throughout the Second World War. However, the development of a corrupt oligarchy from his dirty tricks made him realise it was all for nothing, and he killed himself in 1946, his successor being ousted in the '48 elections by Douglas MacArthur and his clique, leading to a Cold War America even more openly corporatocratic than OTL (basically, imagine Reagan being about as far left as things get.)
		3. The British Empire fell violently, as anti-independence crackdowns triggered mass revolts. Canada was annexed by the US; Australasia (a police state formed from Australia and New Zealand) became a militaristic hegemon; South Africa initially joined the Axis, and later, backed by the USA, maintained apartheid well into the 2010s; and the Raj became taken over by the Azad Hind movement, leading to oppression, rebellion, and more oppression in its Muslim and Sikh provinces. Ireland, however, remained under British rule; in 2002, a crackdown in Derry was so brutal, it earned the nickname 'The Bogside War.' Thanks to the "Imperial Boomerang," the British domestic government is de-facto anocratic, with a rigged two-party system and a marginalised left wing, similar to the USA.
	
	Aside from all of this, many smaller things happened across the world - you can read the Primer to check on the 'modern day,' or just read ahead.

	On behalf of all of us, I hope you enjoy this story, and without further ado...
	WELCOME TO THE ROTTING WORLD.

A Rotting World