scenes to do:

Chapter 13
	Connor returns to Shatterhill, and gets a tip-off from Ivan that there's a facility in Upper Blackmarsh (a run-down former commercial district in Shatterhill) where Super Agents are being created from Patriot gang soldiers. Connor informs Naismith again, and Naismith arrives with armed backup midway through Connor's raid, allowing Connor to kill several Super-Agents, escape, and leave plenty of evidence in pristine condition to be sent to Throgmorton.
	Connor begins investigating Throgmorton Genetics along with Ivan. To Connor's horror, he learns their founder is connected to ODESSA. Ivan asks if Chloe could be connected - Connor rejects this, on the grounds that A) she's disabled, which the nazis wouldn't like, and B) she's just far too nice a person to ever fall in with that crowd. Ivan accepts this, and investigates Throgmorton further.
	Christmas comes - we see the various christmasses of the gang:
		Missy and Connor manage to get Vince out on day release, and go round Missy's for Christmas dinner. Anna is there too, enjoying the freedom to be away from her aunt. Anna gets her guitar out and plays them a song after dinner, finally expressing herself. Connor gets a moment alone with Vince when they are driving back to prison, and Connor reveals the truth to him. Vince is shocked, and encourages him to find the people that did this to him, as well as commending him for using his powers for good. Vince also swears to keep the secret.
		Tre and Phil are at Phil's parents for Christmas dinner. Tre's dinner is enjoyable, but afterwards, they travel to Tre's mother's home to see her parents. Her parents are cold and distant, blaming Tre and Phil for his mother's death in childbirth. Saddened, they leave.
		At the Jefferson household, Bea is enjoying the revelry with her family, in particular teasing her younger sister Tea over a crush she has. Once dinner is over, she sees her phone - a text from her old friend Charlie. She meets up with him, and he woos her. They kiss romantically, but there's a hint of unease, as Charlie seems to be manipulating her.
		At the Derrington household, Chloe is feeling down. Her father tries to cheer her up, but this fails when her brother, while talking about his engagement, insults Connor as a poor suitor. Chloe snaps back, defending him, in the process realising how much she cares for him. Her mother forbids them to have a relationship. Chloe scoffs and storms upstairs.
		Meanwhile, we see PC Lina Chowdury at home enjoying Christmas with her younger sister Yasmin, along with Yasmin's partner Elliot and baby son Jack. Over the course of conversation, it's revealed to the viewer that Yasmin Chowdury is *the* Yasmin - the ex who cheated on Connor. Elliot is the man she slept with, and Jack is the result of that pairing. As time goes on, Elliot shows himself to be more and more manipulative of Yasmin, causing Lina to kick him out. She cries upon Yasmin leaving with him, despite her begging her to stay.
		Finally, we see DI Naismith sat at home alone, drinking. He finishes his bottle, and looks down at his pistol. His dog comes over and puts his paw on his leg, causing Naismith to smile. "Don't worry." he says. "I'm not going anywhere." He unloads his gun, and goes to bed.
	New years eve, Connor, Tre, Missy, and Anna are on a night out. Upon the clock striking 12, Anna hesitates, and kisses Missy in public for the first time. Tre jokingly goes to kiss Connor, eliciting laughter between them. Tre then makes a joke about Connor preferring to kiss Chloe instead, making Connor blush. The three pester Connor to ask her out, but Connor denies that she could have any feelings for him - though he admits he has feelings for her.
Chapter 14
	Connor, Sparky, and Missy are driving up to pick up Chloe and Bea to bring them back down for university. Chloe is staying at Bea's place after her Christmas row. Chloe is clearly conflicted, but brushes it off. They return, and Bea has a moment with Tre where she explains that she does like him, but she's with someone else, and thus, they cannot be together - their one-night-stand notwithstanding. Tre is disappointed, but accepts.
	Chloe is out for a jog with Sparky, having offered to take him out while Connor moves to his new flat, paid for by Tommy. While out, Bea invites her to meet Charlie. They arrive, and Sparky immediately gets bad vibes, trying to warn both Bea and Chloe of the danger Charlie is hiding. Chloe, while unable to understand him, also gets bad vibes, and realises Sparky is getting them too - she calms Sparky down and tries to get to know Charlie, but his answers are textbook manipulative.
	Ivan contacts Connor with an update - following Connor's killing of Berrid, Moroccan politics is undergoing a democratic renaissance. The newly elected PM, Abdal Mohammed el-Bennani, has sent a personal note, thanking "Al-Edhib" (The Wolf) and promising him safe haven should he need it. Connor notes that, given the uncertainty surrounding ODESSA, he may just end up taking that offer.
	The entire gang goes on a night out - Bea brings Charlie, and at some point in the night, becomes very unwell - Connor suspects she's been spiked. Charlie insists that he be allowed to take her home with him, even insinuating Connor had spiked her and planned to assault her when Connor refuses to allow him to take her away on his own. Connor, both insulted and now suspecting Charlie, hits him in the stomach, winding him. Tre likewise hits him, and orders him to stay away from Bea. Missy goes to hit him, but Connor and Tre hold her back, deciding any more violence will get them in trouble. Missy says if she ever sees him again, he's a dead man.
	Bea recovers the next morning round Connor's flat. She refuses to accept that Charlie had spiked her, instead being upset at the gang's actions towards him. She leaves and goes to his place.
	Chloe tries phoning Bea, concerned as she hasn't heard from her and Bea has been missing class for a few days. She is unable to contact her. Fearing the worst, she has the gang go to Charlie's flat. Charlie refuses to let them in, but upon hearing her friends, Bea calls out for help. Connor bursts the door down and prepares to beat Charlie, but Tre goes for him instead. Connor orders Sparky not to get involved, fearing a repeat of the situation with Chloe's assault. Connor and Missy drag Tre away from Charlie, and they rescue Bea, taking her things and leaving. As they leave, Chloe kicks Charlie hard in the groin, to roars of approval from the gang.
	Next up, PC Chowdury is interviewing each member of the group. They have reported Charlie's abuse, but Charlie denies the allegations and instead accuses Connor and Tre of vandalism and assault. Eventually, Chowdury sides with the group and has Charlie charged. While leaving, PC Chowdury pulls Connor to one side, off the record. She explains that she knows Connor was with Yasmin, and expresses her fear that Elliot is abusing her. Connor tries to pretend not to care, but relents and agrees to check up on her. Internally, Connor recognises Chowdury as one of the officers on the Werewolf case, and considers if doing this favour for her might throw them off his scent, before resolving that he's going to do this not out of self interest, but because it's the right thing to do. Connor texts Yasmin, telling her he's been asked to help, and offering support if she needs it. He receives no reply.
Chapter 15
	Connor attends a gang meeting as Tommy's bodyguard, meeting with a drug dealer who has been pushing into their territory. When the meeting turns sour, Connor defeats the rivals.
	Connor learns of a child trafficking ring, and contacts the detective to investigate - the detective is shut down
	Connor leads the police on a chase that 'just so happens' to take them to the brothel before dissapearing, forcing the police to act. The Detective agrees that something bigger is going on, and accepts further cooperation with Connor. Connor gives Naismith a burner phone to contact him on.
	The group go on a pub crawl, and while out and about, Patriot gang members harass the group. Connor fights them, and is shot but mostly unharmed - he has to play it off as a squib round to avoid revealing his powers to his friends.
	the group set connor and chloe up at last
	Naismith is promoted to DCI by the new chief constable. The KGB cash in favours with MI5 to have the investigation refocused - they are now after ODESSA's presence in Shatterhill
	connor and chloe have their first date at the sports centre
	Sparky has a POV scene to himself, infiltrating and raiding an ODESSA compound
	Connor and Chloe have their second date, this time they go to watch movies
	While resting at home, a knock happens on Connor's door. It's Yasmin with her kid. Connor hesitates but lets them in, mainly for the kid. Yasmin explains that she took his advice and finally left Elliot, and they need to stay with him for the night.
Chapter 16
	Connor is unsure, but phones Chloe. Chloe is able to see Connor's anxiety, and offers to come over, not because she doesn't trust him, but because he'd feel more comfortable. Reassured, Connor allows Yasmin to stay until PC Chowdury returns, and promises to retrieve her things from Elliot's house in the morning. While there, Connor receives some catharsis by explaining just how hurt he was by Yasmin's actions - but also, that he can't hate her for it, because were it not for that, he would never have met Chloe. Yasmin smiles sadly.
	Connor goes on his mission to assasinate the Chechen Warlord Vadim Zamaldayev. In exchange, the KGB agree to investigate Throgmorton Genetics more closely
	Connor and Chloe have another date - this time, music practice. Connor is slowly learning the guitar, and Chloe is practicing her piano skills.
	Connor sneaks into Throgmorton Genetics in costume but runs into Chloe, who was working late. He tells her (unaware it's him) that he wants to stop ODESSA, and needs her information on his DNA - she hesitates but agrees to leak the data.
	Connor and Chloe have their fourth date, this time sparring practice. Chloe confesses that she leaked data to the Werewolf - Connor feels conflicted, as she's being honest but he's not. He commends her decision. They contine sparring, and share a tender moment as they fall into each other during a grapple.
	Throgmorton Genetics is beseiged by ODESSA super-agents, and Chloe and the scientists are taken hostage. Chloe learns the truth about Connor's identity. After a tense fight with a super-agent, Connor falls from the top of the building. Chloe rushes to him, and is shocked to see him heal. He tells her to meet him at his home, and runs away before the police can get to him.
Chapter 17
	Chloe is questioned by the police, and dropped off by PC Chowdury at Connor's place. There, she confronts him. He begs her to forgive him, and she is deeply conflicted. Before she can answer, Connor receives a call from Naismith - the police station is under siege. Connor rushes to the rescue.
	ODESSA sieges the police station to kill their captured agent. Connor arrives and is shot up, but kills the squad. The detective is badly wounded but is saved by the serum.
	Connor meets with Chloe at his flat. He explains everything. She thinks about it, and decides to accept him. She asks to stay round his flat for the time being to remain safe and he agrees.
	Connor sneaks into the detective's hospital room and speaks with him. The detective vows to not give up
	Chloe wakes up to see Connor on the balcony burning himself. Horrified, she asks what he's doing - he explains the migraines and apologises for not mentioning them sooner. Chloe asks why he doesn't feel like he can talk to her about these things - Connor apologises and swears that's not what was happening. Chloe forgives him, and asks him to be open about things like this as well - he promises.
	Connor and Chloe sneak into Throgmorton to find evidence. They find data implicating the founder, Louis Throgmorton, with ODESSA. Connor goes to his home but finds him dead in a staged suicide
Chapter 18
	Connor is called by the detective - a drug dealer has been crucified, and the detective suspects superhumans are involved. Connor investigates, finding more bodies, and eventually the perpetrator - a deranged super-agent calling himself The Judge. The two fight, and the judge escapes.
	Connor and Chloe have another date, this time volunteering at the soup kitchen. Chloe notes that there's more than one way to be a hero - Connor agrees.
	The Judge contines his campaign of killing petty criminals, and is eventually caught by Connor, and mortally wounded. Connor amputates Judge's hands and has Ivan take him away.
	Connor assaults a location with super-agents, but is trapped and horribly burned - this triggers his Berserker Rage, leading to the memorable scene of him punching a hole through a man and tearing him to shreds. Connor stops when Sparky arrives, horrified by what he's done. He returns home and collapses, and is tended to by Sparky and Chloe as he heals.
	Connor meets with Tre, and shows him the truth - he has his suit morph in front of them. He is shocked, but accept him.
	Chloe and Bea are having lunch at university, and Bea asks Chloe about Connor. Chloe explains that they've been staying together, but haven't had sex yet - neither party has initiated. Bea reassures Chloe - "Connor's not like most guys - but you can tell he loves you." Chloe is slightly saddened, as Connor has never actually said that, either.
	Connor's grandfather shows himself - enraged, Connor has to hold himself back from killing him. His grandfather, Eamon, explains that he is involved with ODESSA - they gave him powers to extend his life, and in his Berserker Rage, killed his wife and Connor's grandmother, Geraldine. At this, Connor loses it, and the two fight. Eamon overestimated his abilities, and the fight is short. As he bleeds out, he announces he's proud of Connor's strength, filling Connor with disgust.
Chapter 19
	Connor and Chloe have another date - this time they go back to the library where they met and immerse themselves in a good book together. They teach Sparky how to read. They return to Connor's flat, and have a makeout. Connor confesses his love for her, and Chloe is overjoyed. They continue to make out, but before they can have sex, Chloe begins to feel uncomfortable with going that far, which Connor respects.
	The group go to Tre's house for another house party. They all smoke weed, and later in the night, Tre begins speaking to Sparky while high. Sparky replies, and Tre understands him for a moment, before blaming it on the weed and falling asleep.
	A group of super-agents ambush Connor during one of his raids - they manage to incapacitate him using nerve gas, before kidnapping him. Agents come to the flat to grab Chloe, but she takes Connor's gun and shoots them dead. She heads to the ambush site, now aware something is going on, and finds Sparky wounded. She contacts Ivan, and finds out where Connor has been taken - a country cottage in the middle of nowhere. She goes alone, reasoning that if her and Connor die, Shatterhill needs Ivan and Sparky to continue the fight.
Act 1 Finale
	Connor wakes up in a basement, chained to a wall. He sees the southern man again. Chloe arrives, and the man laughs, before bringing them both to the dinner table. He explains the truth - he is Robert Davis, Connor's real father - introduced to his mother by Eamon. Connor and Sparky aren't stronger than the super-agents because of the serum - they're stronger because they were born that way, not changed later in life. He challenges Connor to a one-on-one duel, using his social darwinist ideology as a justification. The two battle, Connor is gravely wounded, and Chloe intervenes, only to be hit hard enough to knock her to the ground. Upon seeing this, Connor re-enters the Berserker Rage, and, after an intense fight where Davis shows his cowardice by calling a helicopter, Connor impales Davis on the rotor, rips his heart out, and beheads him, before passing out. Chloe returns Connor to his home, and the first installment is over!






Chapter 20
	Opens with Connor and Chloe sparring. Chloe jabs Connor in the eye, and panics that she's hurt him - but Connor simply laughs. The two continue sparring, and are interrupted by the arrival of Tre, bringing drinks. They have a chilled-out evening.
	Chloe and Bea prepare for their spring exams. Missy studies alongside Bea, hoping to learn more about journalism.
	The first day of Charlie's trial begins - the gang are each called to the stand. The defence uses Connor and Chloe's problem with Chloe's assailants as 'evidence' that Connor and Chloe fabricate claims of sexual violence as an excuse to enact assault. Connor replies by unleashing a fiery polemic about the endemic issues of sexual assault in Shatterhill, and points to Charlie as proof that irrespective of class, the culture of the city is deeply toxic.
	Charlie's father becomes angered by the progress of the case, and hires a hitman. Said hitman assaults Connor while he, Chloe, and Bea are around his flat. Connor wounds the hitman, sustaining injuries himself - revealing his superhuman nature to Bea. She swears to keep the secret, and the defence falls apart - Charlie is convicted and sentenced, as is his father.
Chapter 21
	Chloe and Bea return home for spring break - Connor drives both to Chloe's house, but is barred from entry by Nadia. Connor returns home, and receives a teary phone call from Chloe explaining that her mother has issued an ultimatum - stop seeing Connor, or leave this family for good. Connor is about to speak, but Chloe swears she choses him over them. Connor interjects by saying he doesn't want to be the reason she loses her family - or her tuition. Instead, he proposes that they continue to see each other, but covertly - until Chloe can convince her father to grow a spine and stand up to Nadia.
	Bea drives back down to Shatterhill, to Tre's house. She picks him up in a brand new car she got for her birthday, and takes him for a drive. They have a heartfelt moment where Tre talks about how his dad missed his birthday, explaining that he understands - Tre's birth was also when his mother died. Bea becomes emotional and the two share a kiss.
	Missy and Anna go out on another date, but are harassed by homophobes. Missy prepares to fight them, but Anna defuses it, saying she doesn't care what they think anymore. The two continue, happily, until one homophobe throws a punch - Missy knocks them flat out. Anna admits she finds it sexy when Missy gets rough, and the two laugh and continue on.
	On one mission, this time in a laboratory, Sparky has a moment of introspection when he finds the preserved body of one of his litter-mates. He wonders if there are other creatures like him, and Connor promises to investigate.
	Connor sneaks over to Chloe's house, and climbs up to her balcony. The two kiss and promise not to let things get between them.
	Connor and Tre are out walking when a van pulls up and gasses both with nerve gas, incapacitating Connor and seemingly killing Tre.
Chapter 22
	Connor and Tre wake up in a cell. Tre is being brutally tortured and flayed, and... he's healing. Connor realises his earlier theory about the Shatterhill Babies is true - Tre is like him. Connor eventually escapes, slaughtering his way through the facility and uncovering a new lead - ODESSA has been splintered, but the power structures they infested remain. A new cabal, this time not ideological but based on class interests, has formed - the Optimates, a group of the richest and most powerful people on Earth. Connor rescues Tre, and brings him back to the flat, to tend to his wounds and help him discover his powers.
	Connor and Tre meet with Missy and Anna to break the news. Anna reveals that she is also a Shatterhill Baby. She asks to have her powers awoken but Connor refuses, citing the agony the process brings and their poor understanding of it.
	Introducing Tre to Ivan, the group investigate the Optimates. Connor and Tre agree to take a hitman mission - this one, in New York.
	The boys fly to New York. A moment of hilarity with an angry local is turned sour when the police harass Tre. To avoid an incident, the boys are forced to play it cool. Later, they track down their target - a South African arms dealer recruiting mercenaries at a gun show - and kill him. They return home, cashing in the earned favour for information on the Optimates.
	Connor returns to Chloe, and they go for a jog together. There, they share a tender moment swimming in the lake, before returning. Chloe laments them not being able to see each other openly - Connor notes that he can fight superhumans and cabals, but he can't punch this problem. Chloe jokes that he *could*, and the two laugh. Chloe says they only have to wait until term re-starts in April before she returns to Shatterhill.
Chapter 23
	Connor and Tre continue to work well together - Tre is relishing in his newfound strength, which concerns Connor. However, a raid where both men are attacked with flamethrowers triggers their Berserker Rages - but where Connor becomes a rampaging animal, Tre maintains his sense of self, and manages to snap both out of it. Satisfied that Tre has not lost himself, and worrying that he may be, Connor continues to investigate.
	DI Naismith calls Connor, asking for an urgent meeting. Both Connor and Tre attend, to Naismith's surprise. Naismith explains that he's uncovered evidence of a conspiracy within the police force - Tre quips "Trust the white man to take this long to notice corruption in the ranks.", eliciting laughter from all present. Naismith elaborates - it's not just bent coppers, it's worse - the remnants of ODESSA have been commandeered and consolidated by the Optimates, allowing them to coordinate more effectively. There is now an institutional movement towards authoritarianism - supposedly, as the documents Naismith provides suggest, in preparation for a coup. Gravely concerned, Connor and Tre contact Ivan, who in turn contacts a trusted friend in the British government. He makes a phone call, and an older man, with one arm and one eye, answers.
	Next, Chloe and Bea return to Shatterhill. With the group reunited, Tre reveals his powers to the pair. Bea is shocked, but understands and swears that this changes nothing. Afterwards, Connor and Chloe have a heartfelt reunion. Connor laments that he wasn't honest with Chloe from the start, but Chloe counters that, before they knew each other well enough, and before she began to see things his way, she could very well have turned him in. Connor is relieved to hear that, and the two go out for a fancy dinner. Connor morphs his suit into a tuxedo, to Chloe's amazement and delight.
	The gang are chilling at Connor's place when a knock on the door happens. Connor answers, and Ivan and the older man he called are at the door, along with another man in his late 30's with brown hair and black veins on his eyes. They enter, and explain their identities. The older man is George McAllen, a veteran soldier and spy, and the younger man is Luke Miller, a former mercenary who was one of the first test subjects for the Super Serum. They represent a new force called the Riverside Initiative, a clandestine organisation dedicated to exposing the cabals of the world and more broadly protecting the world from international threats. They are the source of all of Ivan's tip-offs to Connor against ODESSA, and now they seek to take down the Optimates as well. Encouraged, the gang agree to help out.
Chapter 24
	Connor and Tre engage in a new hitman mission - this time, they're going after a Kazakh warlord who has been oppressing his people. They kill him, which triggers a revolution against his regime in favour of re-establishing the USSR. The KGB pays handsomely for this, and Connor cashes in the favour by having Vince pardoned of his crimes.
	Back down to humanity, Chloe is deeply nervous about a piano concert she has coming up. Connor, while not very musically talented, takes guitar lessons from Anna and uses his new knowledge to help Chloe practice.
	Vince, now a free man, decides to take the gang out for dinner. He invites Connor, Missy, and Tre, and they bring their partners - Chloe, Anna, and Bea - to this dinner. They spill the news about Tre, Connor revealing that Vince already knew about him. Tre reveals that he hasn't told his dad yet - Connor advises him to, and offers to be there to help. Vince gets to know Chloe, and is very supportive of their relationship, in stark contrast to Nadia.
	Connor uncovers evidence of animal testing under the Optimates of the Serum. He and Sparky investigate, but to Sparky's dismay, only find animals that were modified after birth - and thus, none capable of speech like him. The animals are freed and Anna becomes their caretaker. Riverside pay for a ranch to be set up for them, giving Anna the ranch she always dreamt of.
	Tre and Bea go on their first date - a street fair. They have several cute moments.
	Connor, Tre, and Sparky all go on mission to kidnap the scientist in charge of the animal experiments. They capture him, and Connor has to rein Sparky in to stop him from killing him. They hand him over to Riverside, who interrogate him and learn more about the Biological Development Department, the scientific branch of the Optimates responsible for their living weapons - and a hotbed for ODESSA deserters who jumped ship after Connor killed Robert.
Chapter 25
	Connor, Chloe, Tre, Bea, Missy, and Anna, all go on a triple-date, camping in the forests. They enjoy the chance to get away from it all - Connor and Tre appreciate the break from the constant heroics, Missy and Anna enjoy not having to work so much, and Chloe and Bea are glad to be away from uni. Sparky enjoys spending time with all his friends, but laments that they each have a life-partner while he does not, and indeed, most likely never will. Connor offers words of comfort, and Sparky states that they are all his pack, and he is happy with that.
	With the concert coming up, Connor and Chloe continue to practice. Chloe becomes worried that she will mess up on the day, but Connor reassures her that she is the most talented pianist he's ever heard. Chloe teases him, asking if he often listens to piano music, and Connor laughs.
	While on mission, intel is discovered pointing to one more lab where the animal testing was being done - Connor, Tre, and Sparky investigate. There, they find a pregnant wolf who has been injected with the serum - exposing the pups to the mutagen in-vivo means they will be full mutants, like Sparky. As it becomes revealed, the sperm used to impregnate her was provided by Sparky's own father. The group rescue the wolf and take her to Anna's ranch. There, Anna notes that the wolf most likely will not survive the birth. Sparky asks her what she wants to do, but the most he can understand from her is "Be with pup." Anna theorises that immediate medical attention might save her, and the group decide to go ahead and perform a C-section. The wolf survives, and one pup is not stillborn - Sparky, having found a new purpose, decides to stay and help raise the pup. Connor has a heartfelt goodbye with Sparky, promising to meet regularly. Sparky promises that as soon as the pup is strong enough, he will return.
Chapter 26
	Connor and Tre meet with Riverside. Riverside announces that they have purchased a facility that will one day become their base of operations - they show photos of the facility to the boys - it's a veritable mansion, complete with underground layers for all kinds of facilities. Once complete, the base will have special cells for captured mutants, allowing them to begin capturing enemy operatives. It will also have its own laboratory - and McAllen makes it clear that Chloe has a place there. And best of all, it's only an hour's drive from Shatterhill City. Amazed and awestruck, the boys agree that, once the facility is operational, they will move there - though they ensure that they will still be able to engage in their social lives. McAllen responds by taking pride in not being like the Optimates - where they see the living weapon, he sees the men. He agrees that they will be allowed to keep their homes in the city, only residing at the base when engaging in long-term missions, and otherwise travelling to-and-from as-and-when. He confirms they will have similar hours to reservists in the army - only having a certain number of days per month where they must attend work, but also being liable to be called up for deployment. The boys, recognising a sweet deal, agree.
	Connor and Tre relay the news about the mansion to the rest of the group. Chloe responds excitedly - especially at the mention of her having a place there, as that relieves her concerns about her mother taking her tuition away. Chloe then reveals that the concert is next week, and asks them all if they'd be willing to attend. The group rally around her, promising to attend, and they all have a fun evening.
	The gang visit the ranch, seeing Sparky teaching the pup. Connor has a heartfely reunion with him, and they catch up. While they don't speak the same language, the wolfdog (who has been named Kaya) and he have managed to establish some kind of communication. Connor asks if the pup has managed to speak - Sparky reveals that that will only happen once he receives the super-serum to activate his powers, and Sparky is debating whether such a thing is right. Connor muses that it would be the pup's choice, but without the serum they have no way of asking him in the first place. At that, Sparky mentions that Anna asked to have the serum, but Connor refused - Connor thinks about this, and asks Anna if she still wants the serum. Anna thinks about it, and ultimately declines, saying she's happy as she is. Sparky believes he shouldn't administer the serum to the pup, but Connor points out that nothing about Anna's consciousness or ability to communicate would change, whereas it would for the pup. Unsure, Sparky decides to think on it. Anna notes that she wishes she could take the serum and only gain the ability to communicate with Sparky, to which Sparky replies (through Connor) that he appreciates that. Anna has a chat with Chloe about the animals, as they both perform medical examinations on them. Anna mentions that her grandfather would be able to help - Chloe asks more, and Anna reveals her grandfather was Zhou Liang-ji. Shocked, Chloe notes that he is a famous biotechnologist whose work she has studied, and wonders if he may have been caught up in the conspiracies, which could explain his disappearance. Anna agrees, and the two bring the info to Connor, who promises to investigate.
	In the next scene, the gang is entering the university auditorium. They have front-row seats as they are there on the invitation of Chloe. However, Chloe suffers a paralyzing bout of stage fright, causing Connor to head backstage. He reassures her, but when she is unable to face her fears, he springs into action. He informs the organiser that he will be her opener, grabbing a guitar and heading onstage. He begins by playing a slow version of "Rifles of the IRA" - without the lyrics, to avoid causing controversy. His friends hum along, recognising the song. Chloe is able to face her fears, and as Connor begins to play a guitar melody matching her first scheduled piano song, she enters the stage, and they play a duet. Connor bows and leaves the stage free, as Chloe performs the rest of her act. Once complete, the auditorium erupts in thunderous applause. Following from this, Chloe's friends gather around her to celebrate, and her family arrive. Her mother says curtly that she did well, and then says "And yet, you have disobeyed me. You continue to see this... this man, despite my--" only to be cut off by William. "Enough." he says. "Our daughter may see whoever she chooses. And for the record, if there were any lingering doubts as to his suitability, tonight has erased them." Nadia and Victor look like they wish to say something, but button it as the Jeffersons arive to congratulate Chloe's performance. Satisfied, Connor and Chloe return to Connor's flat, and they make love.
Chapter 27
	Opens with Tre and Connor explaining Tre's powers to Phil. Phil is concerned, worsened by the explanation that these powers are what killed Kerry, and she must have been injected with the serum while pregnant. Phil points to a vaccination drive for pregnant women being run in Shatterhill's hospitals around the time Kerry was pregnant, so the duo investigate there.
	Their investigation reveals something truly horrifying - the vaccinations were performed under a certain Dr. Kevin Zhou - Anna in shock reveals this was the anglicised name Zhou Liang-ji used in the West. This confirms Zhou's involvement - only worsened by Anna showing a photo of her uncle, triggering a painful flashback for Connor where he recognises the face - he was there during Connor's own torture. The invormation is passed on to Ivan, who suggests they investigate in Crimea - a former Soviet Army Biomedical Scientist by the name of Andrei Konev has risen to leadership of the Crimea, utilising the island's Closed Cities as massive laboratories for all kinds of research - he calls this idea Technocratic Socialism. Connor and Tre head off with Ivan and Miller to confront Konev, hoping they can find out where Dr. Zhou may be.
	In Crimea, the team face off against Goliaths - refined, cybernetic versions of the Giant that Connor slew in Belson Harbour. Dispatching them, they storm Konev's bunker, where he surrenders, asking only that his people be spared. Despite the clear lack of ethics his research has led to, he is genuinely loved by the people of Crimea, his cyborg enforcers providing security in the lawless wastes of Eurasia. Ivan makes him a deal - he will continue to rule the Crimea, and, upon the Soviet Union's possible restoration, he will contine to rule as military governor - in exchange, he swear not to ever work with the Optimates, to share all his non-military research with the world, to use his augmented forces to help stabilise the region, and, most importantly, fully cooperate with Riverside in all matters. Konev accepts graciously, and sends all his data over to Riverside. With this, they are able to find the last known whereabouts of Zhou Liang-ji - Konev found him and hoped to rescue and recruit him, recognising his genius. He's being held in a black site run by the CIA, on an island in the gulf of Mexico - as Ivan reminds them, Mexico is currently ruled by a military junta loyal to the USA. The group head to Mexico via plane, under false IDs.
Act 2 Finale
	The group lands in Mexico, head to the beach across from the island where the black site is located. Miller departs, cryptically saying "I'll get us some bits." The trio of Ivan, Connor, and Tre, commandeer a speedboat and approach the island. An oncoming storm hides their entrance, and they begin to infiltrate the black site. Ivan eliminates a watchman on a tower and sets up a sniping post. With sniping cover, Connor and Tre sneak through the compound, discovering a block of open-air cages housing several injured civilians who have been subject to experimentation. Quickly and quietly eliminating the wardens, the boys lead the prisoners over to a small cave near the sea level, where they take shelter and are informed that the boys will return soon. They re-enter the compound, sabotaging its defenses and eliminating its soldiers, before entering the main building. Here, they are detected by CCTV, and the alarm sounds. They fight their way through the building, encountering several super-agents and Goliaths, before finding a concrete cell. They break it open, and find two young people - a young man named Emre Durak, and a young person named Alex van Statten. They learn these two are the same as them, and free them, before a fight with a heavily mutated monster. They kill the monster, and find the director of the compound - a super-agent. They dismember him, which he survives - they then locate Dr. Zhou, chained into a laboratory. They break his chains and order him to come with them. He threatens to kill himself, refusing to be taken by another cabal to be used to make mockeries of nature - but the boys explain they're fighting that very system, and need to know what he knows. Shocked that things are finally changing, Zhou agrees to go with them, but begs that they rescue the prisoners in the camp. When they inform him that they have done so, he breathes a sigh of relief. He explains that he managed to escape ODESSA after Davis's death, only to be kidnapped again by the optimates. In this site, they made him continue his research into transhuman evolution, but he secretly sabotaged their research from within, and tended to the experimented-upon inmates. Emre and Alex explain that Zhou wasn't one of the bad ones at the compound, and, taking their kin at their word, the boys agree to take him with them. With that, a military helicopter lands - no, two - three! Three army helicopters land - one on the airstrip, one outside the cave where the prisoners are hiding, and one on top of the building where the group is. From the one that lands on their location, Miller and a couple of soldiers exit. Miller explains these soldiers are part of Riverside, and he managed to coordinate their assault to coincide with the group's infiltration. The soldiers secure the compound, arrest the surviving personnell, and they leave.
	Finally, an army cargo plane arrives at Riverside Mansion. It lands on the airstrip nearby, and Connor, Tre, Emre, Alex, Anna, Chloe, Bea, Missy, Sparky, Kaya, the pup, the animals, Miller, Ivan... everyone involved with Riverside exits the plane. They are greeted by McAllen, smiling and saluting. "Welcome to Riverside!" he says, bringing them inside. There, the former prisoners are taken to the hospital wing, the former personell are escorted to the brig, and the captured Director is taken to the Mutant Holding Cells. The gang of friends take in the surroundings - a baroque mansion with state-of-the-art technology incorporated throughout. They are awestruck. "This will be your home away from home." McAllen explains. "And the base from which we will become a truly global force for good. ODESSA, the Optimates... they made you into living weapons to serve darkness. But here, at Riverside, super-beings can serve the Light instead."


Next up in the series:
	Rotten Core: Monster Ops
		Riverside is contacted by a secretive international order, the Watchers of the Veil. They explain that they investigate, contain, and terminate anomalous entities, like monsters, demons, and witchcraft. Riverside is bemused, but after investigating a lead, they discover supernatural-seeming entities which they capture and study. Chloe discovers that the monsters, as well as the Riverside Mutants, have some kind of dark energy field imperceptible to anyone, but resonating around them (in truth as Kri-Lan explains, this is their latent Psionic energy).
		Hunting down these monsters, they eventually uncover a conspiracy within the Watchers that connects them to ODESSA's final remnants - this faction is purged, and the Watcher's sacred duty - the monitoring of a mysterious anomalous obelisk called the Keystone - falls to Riverside. They also get a key ally of theirs elected Pope
	Rotten Core: War of the Beast
		The gang deal with a subversive alien, revealed to be a mutarch, and the growing threat it poses - along with its mutated monstrosities. Riveside defends the Earth from the Mutarch and the Cult of the Beast, destroying the monster and exiling the cult into space.
	Rotten Core: Salvation
		Riverside narrowly thwarts nuclear war, severely damaging the Optimates. A body is recovered from an Optimate compound. A Fertile Lulamarian crash-lands on Earth, takes refuge with Riverside only to be persued by a Golgothan strike force who believe they were kidnapped by Riverside. After this misunderstanding is cleared up, the Lulamarian, calling themself Kri-Lan, volunteers to stay with them. However, the Lulamarian Assembly invades Earth upon learning that Lulamarians are not affected by the Curse when on Earth, (due to the Keystone absorbing almost all psionic energy) and they wish to conquer and settle the planet in order to save their species. They are repelled, and during their weakness are attacked by the Zotans. Riverside agrees to travel with Kri-Lan to save their people from extinction, ending in the killing of the Zotan Commander, and the Treaty of Alpha Centauri, where Earth is recognised as a rising power, its sovereingty over Sol and neighbouring star systems is accepted, and the Lulamarian Assembly pledge to repay mankind one day.
	Rotten Core: Templar
		The body found in the Optimate compound awakens, kidnapping Chloe through a portal. Kri-Lan manages to analyse the Keystone and realise it is absorbing psionic energy for a purpose - to sustain an alternate dimension. Kri-Lan opens a portal in the Keystone, leading them to another world, filled with elves, dwarves, magic (in truth, psionics), and weirdly, lost Romans. They find Chloe, who has been turned into a Vampire, until she drinks Connor's blood, making her half-Vampire, half-Mutant, allowing her to survive UV exposure (though it's uncomfortable) and only use blood for powerups - as well as restoring her sanity. The gang defeats the Undying Emperor, a Vampire Lord who sought to conquer the world they were on, but in doing so, the Keystone is damaged, and the population evacuates onto Earth as the world collapses. As well as bringing back fantastical races (and Romans), 1/3 of mankind suddenly developed psychic powers, or 'magic' to the unenlightened. A further 1/4 spontaneosly transformed into fantastical races.
	Rotten Core: Unity
		Riverside struggle to come to terms with the results of their decision leading to mass discrimination against non-humans and psionics. Worse, their commanding officer is assasinated. The Agency is disbanded, and Connor, Emre, and Trey are forced to work for the International Anomalous Entity Agency (IAEA (pun intended)); given bomb collars, and Connor is informed that Sparky's location will be held from him unless he cooperates fully. Meanwhile, Chloe, Alex, and Jenny all form the Resistance, a group advocating for the freedom of mutants and revolutionary action against the Optimates. Eventually, the three boys are rescued by the Resistance, Sparky is located and saved, and Riverside is reformed on the side of the Resistance. Initially the group elects Connor as their leader due to being the 'Oldest' (that is, the one whose powers have been active the longest), but Connor does not want to be in charge given his service in the IAEA. Chloe convinces him to take the position, and he agrees as long as she is co-Leader (given that she formed the Resistance in the first place). Eventually, both the IAEA and the Optimates are destroyed. However, Riverside's actions appear to catch the attention of something far greater...
	Rotten Core: Apocalypse
		Malkaea ups his attempts to damage Earth, first by launching Charon at Earth (this is narrowly thwarted by Earth's psions, but results in the moon having an unusual orbit - for 6 months at a time, it comes much closer to earth, making high tide far more dangerous. It also results in earth having saturn-like rings), then by releasing a modified version of the virus from the War of the Beast which kills most people over 25 and turns them into zombies (this is fixed by Riverside developing a vaccine and largely wiping out the zombies), then by blocking out the sun (which causes worldwide catastrophe and is fixed by Connor physically fighting the void entity causing this blockage), and finally by invading. Riverside organises a resistance to him, and they are supported in their hour of need by the Lulamarians.
	Rotten Core: The Repubic of Earth
		After all the alien invasions, Earth has been unified under Ivan's reformed Soviet Union, ushering in the era of the Republic of Earth. This group is different to the IAEA regime as it accepts all Terrans, and indeed has good relations with the Lulamarians, but cold relations with the other galactic powers. Riverside act as the Republic's liaison with the Coalition, attempting to improve relations. Eventually, Riverside are dragged into the war against the Malkaean Empire, and manage to kill the Emperor and trigger the Empire's collapse, while also integrating Earth into the galactic community.
	Rotten Core: Wrath of the Old Gods
		Following the events of the last decade, Malkaea manages to build the Dazarec, which he uses to take control over the Galaxy, and begin sacrificing the peoples of the galaxy. Riverside eventually manage to kill Malkaea by forcing him to possess Connor, who then throws himself into a black hole. Connor is rewarded for his sacrifice by being sent back by Zervlon himself, although unfortunately, he is sent back to 47,000 BCE...
	Rotten Core: The Slow Path
		basically a recount of all Connor's adventures until he is finally reunited with his loved ones. Importantly, Connor being sent back is what establishes the Shatterhill Monks, and also allows him to ensure his own birth, and through that the death of Malkaea. He also influences the timeline in other ways, like prolonguing WW1 to match the timeline written here.
	Rotten Core: Dominion
		not a story, but a freeplay RPG & political simulator set in the Obsidian Expanse