
Hey GPT, i've been writing a story for a video game i'm making. If i give you the plot synopsis beat-by-beat, can you review it for me?



So i'll start with the backstory - it's accessible from the main menu and explains the history of the 20th and 21st centuries. The game starts off in 2015, but it's a slightly altered history to our Earth. It's all like our timeline unless noted.
The key differences from our timeline are:
Theodore Roosevelt successfully wins his 3rd term, and implements radical reforms, paving the way for more radicals to take his place in future.
WW1 starts with the death of Franz Ferdinand, but crucially, Germany doesn't invade Belgium until 1916, delaying British entry into the war. They only invade Belgium to break the stalemate.
WW1 ends in 1920. France and Russia are both Communist. When Lenin dies, he is succeeded by Nikolai Bukharin, who aims to normalise relations with the west. Britain is exhausted, but the Irish War of Independence failed - Ireland is still under British rule.
The Sykes-Picot treaty is never signed, as the French Commune rejects imperialism and the British can't afford to subdue another colony, instead seeking to consolidate their Empire.
Germany's Spartacist Revolution is much bloodier than before, as the Spartacists have much more popular support than in our timeline. The war still ends in Weimar's victory, but the communist resistance (and fascist opposition) makes it somehow even more divided than our timeline.
Come 1939, Spain's civil war ended in Communist victory, Germany and Italy both go fascist, Poland has a civil war that weakens the nation, and Britain adopts a pseudo-fascist government that supports the Nazis in opposition to Communist expansion.
Germany, smelling blood, invades Poland.
Meanwhile in American politics, Huey Long survives his assasination and becomes a serious challenger to FDR's presidency. He compromises, giving Long the position of Secretary of State. Smedly Butler is commended for his exposure of the Business Plot, and is awarded Secretary of Defence. Henry Wallace is VP.
By 1942, the Nazis are close to winning. Turmoil in the US prevents them from aiding the socialist bloc. However, Long manages to break this turmoil through underhanded means, and the US joins the war. They pressure the British to switch sides, and by 1946, the war is over. Presidents Wallace and General Secretary Bukharin shake hands in a nuked Berlin. The cold war hasn't started, yet...
By 1960, a lot more of the world is communist. It's often said "From Madrid to Seoul, all roads lead to Moscow."
However, things change with the ascendancy of Richard Nixon to the white house. The cold war begins.
Irish resistance to British rule carries on, and in 1981, the Brits give Connaught, Leinster, and Munster, a degree of autonomy. However, all these Catholic provinces have substantial Loyalist minorities, imported over by the Brits after ethnic cleansing during WW2. Ulster retains direct British rule.
In 2002, an event known as the Derry Riots begins. Demanding similar autonomy for Ulster, Republican groups stage riots against the British government. Several atrocities are committed, mostly by Loyalist paramilitaries supported by the British government and RUC. A common proverb regarding the Derry Riots is "Every Day a Sunday", referring to Bloody Sunday. The 'Riots' lasted a year. To this day, the Bogside is still littered with bombsites. No major uprisings have happened since - most Catholics have emigrated either further south, or to Spain.
In the wake of this, the Brits began to support a Catholic Fundamentalist faction, called the Catholic Defence Force, intending to split the Republican movement and undermine the secular, socialist Irish Nationalists.
The cold war lasts until 2012. Nationalist rebels funded by the CIA and other covert cabals have caused the Soviet bloc to collapse. Imagine the Yugoslav wars, but covering all of eastern europe, plus China and southeast Asia. You can imagine the chaos!
France, Germany (as the DDR), and Spain attempt to support the Soviets, bringing a small measure of stability to Poland, Romania, Czechoslovakia, and the Baltics.
South Africa's apartheid regime still stands, supported by the Australian Confederation, another right-wing xenophobic government, and Britain.
The American continent is likewise plagued with juntas and rebels.

All of this is what is relayed in the main menu's backstory. There is much more to be discovered in the game - i'll reveal that as it's revealed to the players.






Thanks! This backstory info is mainly for reference - you may hear me mention, say, "The Belarusian KGB" or "the Crimean Exclusion Zone" and then you can go "oh yeah eurasia's at war and the soviets still kind of exists" etc.  
Okay so the story is set - now to get personal. We're going to explore the background of our protagonist, Connor Barrett. I'll write up his biography next.

The year is 2015. In the city of Shatterhill, Devon, England, Connor Barrett is a 19 year old boy, living in a studio flat in the slums.
Connor was born on the 13th of October, 1996. His mother was Lorna Barrett, and an unknown father. When he was born, his mother suffered a crippling brain haemorrhage, and died 6 months later. This was common among so-called "Shatterhill Babies" - a mysterious epidemic of babies born to mothers who either conceived or gave birth in Shatterhill. Either the babies were stillborn, normally severely deformed, or the mother would die due to severe brain injuries forming during birth. The affected were completely random - in total around 250 cases were detected, of which 6 babies were born healthy. Studies revealed no conclusive results, and the epidemic ended in 1999.
Upon his mother's death, Connor's uncle Vince wanted to adopt him, but due to Vince's criminal record, Connor was instead sent to Ireland to live with his grandparents, who were strict Catholics. His grandfather, Eamon Barrett, was very fond of corporal punishment, giving Connor several severe beatings regularly. Connor stayed with them until he was 6 years old. 2002 was the year of the Derry Riots, a major civil unrest - think Bloody Sunday (which also happened) but as a year-long near-warzone. 
Following this, and the abuse he suffered, Connor was relocated into a home in Leeds for young children, where he stayed until he was 12. He was fostered by a couple living in North Devon, where he met his foster-sister, Melissa Bailey (or Missy), who was 1 year younger than him. The foster-father was abusing Missy, and Connor upon witnessing the abuse went into a feral rage and killed him. Fortunately, Missy testified about the abuse, exonerating Connor - the court felt that for a youth to be so incensed as to kill a grown man with his bare hands, the abuse must have been exceptionally horrific. (Unbenownst to anyone save a secret cabal far away, this was the first instance of Connor's powers activating - we will talk more about that when we get to it; the reader is not made aware of these powers yet.)
After this, Connor's uncle Vince demanded custody, pointing out all the abuse Connor had suffered. Social services agreed, but Missy begged to come with him. Vince, ever the kind soul, happily agreed, and took both children.
In school, Connor met his future best friend, Trevor 'Tre' Morgan. Tre initially was in a bad crowd, and first met Connor by being part of bullying him - Connor snapped and hit Tre, bruising him. Both were given detention, where they got to know each other and learned that both were some of the rare few "Shatterhill Babies" who survived - Tre's mum died during his birth. After learning this, they became fast friends. We'll talk more about Tre's personality next.
Connor and Missy lived with Vince in Shatterhill until 2014, when Vince was arrested for attempted robbery - Connor had been there too (Connor had joined up with the same gang Vince ran with - said gang, the Redbridge Syndicate, was formed in the slums of Shatterhill (known as Redbridge) as a vigilante gang protecting the locals from the predations of other gangs (Shatterhill, especially the poorer districts, is filled with crime). The Syndicate largely makes money by providing protection to brothels and drug traders, but still engages in other crimes like robbery from other gangs). Vince took the fall for Connor and ordered him not to confess any involvement, causing Vince to end up in jail. Connor blamed himself for this situation, feeling incredibly guilty.
Next up, we'll discuss Connor's personality, before we move to his best friend Tre, but first i want your opinion on Connor?





Connor is very much an asocial being. He has closeness in Missy and Tre, but doesn't desire much more beyond that. He's shy, timid, and awkward with those he doesn't know. But with his friends, he's snarky, jokey, and maybe even a little cocky. He's also deeply empathetic - he always keeps spare change in his pocket because he can't bear to walk by a homeless person and not do anything. More than one woman has been rescued from a creepy guy at a nightclub by Connor. Despite his social difficulties, he's remarkably perceptive - mainly because he looks at the parts of a person that they don't want him to see. He's diagnosed as autistic - but unlike hollywood portrayals, still a normal guy, just different.
He's also Demisexual, although when pressed he'd say he's straight. He only feels attraction or desire for those he already loves romantically. His last relationship (and first 'proper' one) ended in heartbreak when his girlfiend, Yasmin, cheated on him. This affected Connor very deeply - for the time being, he's sworn off dating.
Connor's day-job is working in a 'repair shop' - a very varied role. He mainly does electronic repair, which can mean anything from cars to computers.
Above all, Connor values honesty. He barely lies, which isn't to say he's a bad liar - he's actually a great liar, and great at telling when others are lying. But he usually chooses not to lie, as in his view, "the truth is easier" - every time you lie, you have to remember both the lie you've told and the actual truth, whereas if you're honest, you only have to remember the truth.
Connor may be asocial, but he still goes out a lot with Tre. Nightclubs, house parties, whatever - if Tre's there, Connor won't be far behind. Tre is very respecful of Connor's boundaries - particularly regarding physical touch.
Do you have any questions about connor's personality?









Thanks! Okay, now onto Tre's background.

Tre was born on the 6th of December, 1996, to Philip 'Phil' Morgan and Kerry Morgan. Upon his birth, Kerry died, affected by the "Shatterhill Baby" incident.
Tre's early years were fairly unremarkable, until he started secondary school, where his school youth councilor, a woman called Sadie, groomed him. Since then, he's dealt with trauma from this, including an instictive distrust of older women, particularly any who express interest in him.
When he was 15, he was in a rather mean group of friends, who peer-pressured him into bullying Connor. When Tre tore up Connor's homework, Connor snapped and hit Tre, leading to the detentions which would become their friendship that we discussed earlier. For befriending the "weirdo", Tre was bullied in turn, in particular Tre faced virulent racist abuse on account of him being black.
Connor, not wanting to let this continue, got his uncle Vince to include Tre in his martial arts training - both Connor and Missy studied under Vince for this. Following his instruction, the next time bullies came for Tre, the trio managed to fight them all off. They were all suspended, but from then on their bond was unbreakable.
Tre would leave school at 17, the same age as Connor, to work in the 'repair shop'.
Tre, personality-wise, is quite the foil to Connor. In no way are their personalities opposed - they complement each other very well. The only real difference is that Connor is an introvert whereas Tre is an extrovert - Tre is also very honest, empathetic, and funny. Where Connor is perceptive of *who* others are, Tre knows more *how* to talk to people. Tre gets on well with the other 'fixers' at the repair shop, whereas Connor isn't as close (though he still gets on with them well enough).
Tre is bisexual, and while he's not opposed to meaningful relationships, he also enjoys dating around and having casual relations with others. He's very comfortable in his masculinity - while he's quite manly in a lot of ways, he also dips into being camp and takes joy in not letting himself be restricted by social norms. He's as likely to call his friends "bruv" as he is "babes".
He gets on very well with his dad, Phil, who is the man in charge of the repair shop.

Do you have any comments or questions here?






Thanks! Okay, onto Missy, and then we'll set the opening scenes.
Melissa 'Missy' Bailey, born 10th of July, 1997. Missy was born to Vicki Bailey, who was 14 at the time. Vicki naturally gave Missy up for adoption - Missy has never met her birth mother. She isn't paticularly cut up about it though - she understands, and even said once "I can't judge her, because I can't say I wouldn't have done the same thing". She was bounced around foster homes until she was fostered by James and Leanne Caverty, in North Devon. There, she was abused by James, until Connor was fostered too, a year into the trauma. She immediately latched onto him, and the two became as close to siblings as you can get. After Connor killed James, Missy moved with him to Vince's place, where she stayed until he was arrested, after which she lived with Connor for a few months before getting her own place.
She currently works as a barista and lives in a council flat in Redbridge.
Personality-wise, Missy is honest, like the other two. She's outgoing, but also has a quiet side. She's also not one for letting bad things slide. While all three of them basically have 'heroic instincts' to get involved in bad situations, Missy is almost uncannily good at getting herself into trouble for other people. It is quicker to list the clubs in Redbridge she's *not* been kicked out of for fighting creeps.
Of the three, Missy is the one least satisfied with her lot in life. She craves meaning, purpose. Her dream job would be as a reporter.
Missy is a lesbian, and has a complicated relationship with her friend/lover Anna Zhou. The two love each other dearly, but Anna is still deep in the closet and cannot express herself openly. It's worth noting Britain in this timeline is much more reactionary - by 2015, homosexuality is still stigmatised greatly. Missy, being Missy, would happily marry a woman and punch any bigot who complains, but Anna is more meek than that.



Thanks! Before I set the first scene, I'm going to tell you all of the major cast's names, ages, and appearances, just so you can visualise it. Minor characters, or new arrivals to the main cast, will be described as they appear, but for now, here's the list. I'll also do a similar biography/personality description for each of them after this message (aside from the ones already done)

Connor Barrett
19
Dark blonde hair, in a skin-fade. Short, stubbly beard on cheeks and sides, with short moustache and goatee. Beard hair is gingerish. Has very pale, steel-blue eyes, and light freckles on the cheeks. Pale white skin. Usually wears some combination of black hoodie and black jeans.

Trevor 'Tre' Morgan
19
Black hair, in a skin-fade, with dreadlocks on top. Short, chinstrap beard and moustache. Dark skin, brown eyes. Usually wears a white tee, a green bomber jacket, and blue jeans.

Missy Bailey
18
Dyed jet-black hair (naturally dark brown), shoulder length, with bright-red tips. Hazel eyes. Pale white skin. Usually wears a white blouse, black skirt, and tights, with bracelets. Has earrings, septum piercing, and black eyeshadow, black lipstick.

Vince Barrett
43
Ginger hair, buzzcut and receding hairline. Thick ginger beard. Pale blue eyes. Moderate freckles on cheeks. Pale white skin. Usually wears dark grey joggers and boots with either dark grey hoodie or vest

Bianca 'Bea' Jefferson
19
Dyed red hair, in curly bob afro. Light brown skin, brown eyes, dark freckles, and vitiligo patches accross the skin. Usually wears short dresses and heels

Chloe Derrington
19
Natural jet-black hair, long, often covering ears and edges of face. Vivid green eyes, with severe esotropia in both, causing both to point inwards. Heavy freckling over pale white skin. Scar from old knife wound running down from left eye down the cheek. Usually wears a grey turtleneck jumper and a black leather jacket, with black jeans or black skirt with tights and either trainers or flat shoes. Usually has heavy eyeliner and eyeshadow - she does this to distract from her esotropia. Wears black-rimmed prescription glasses

Anna Zhou
18
Natural black hair, usually in bun. Brown eyes. Chinese features. Usually wears a black tank top and a button-up shirt over, with black jeans and trainers


DI Henry Naismith
41
Brown hair, receding on top, trimmed short. Stubble from lack of shaving. Usually wears a trenchcoat, button-up shirt, tie, and smart jeans and shoes.




Brill! Those are the key backstories - everything else will be revealed as the player would discover it.

First scene is similar to the opening in Deus Ex; a scene of shadowy conspirators plotting. Allow me to set the stage...

[the screen flickers before revealing security cam footage, showing a man, appearing to be in his 50's, with grey hair and a cropped beard, and strikingly, a light brown mustache in his otherwise grey beard. the man is in a dark room full of screens.]
[the man types on his screen, hits a key, and speaks. He has a deep South accent, and is very muscular.]
"Gentlemen. Thank you for taking the time to attend this meeting."
"You've got a lot of nerve, Captain." a voice says from the speakers. It is heavily modulated, but a clear Scandinavian accent is present.
"It's just a temporary setback. That yellow bastard will-"
"Enough. What's done is done." An older, upper-class accent is palpable. Even with modulation, you can hear the intonations of aristocracy. "What matters now is finding Dr. Zhou, and reminding him of his... obligations."
"Oh, he will be reminded alright... I can assure you of that, sir." the Southerner replies.
"Good. I am trusting you, Captain." speaks the aristocrat.
"Captain?" the Scandinavian replies. 
"Yes, sir?"
"You are hereby ordered to cease all activities regarding the Progeny investigation." 
"...Sir."

________________

I'll give some spoilers that a viewer on a second watch would spot;
1. The southern man is called Robert Davis, and he is Connor's secret father.
2. The use of the racist term "yellow bastard" to refer to Dr. Zhou should clue the viewer in that this group is at least causally racist - in fact, they are a neo-nazi cabal called ODESSA, and they were founded by the Ahnenerbe.
3. "Progeny" refers to Connor and the Shatterhill Babies more broadly. It was a secret dispersal of mutagenic compounds that caused the Shatterhill Baby phenomenon. Progeny was later used to create a serum that could recreate the superhuman capabilities of the Shatterhill Babies. We'll get into the exact powers as we get there















Okay, here's Vince's bio:

Vincent 'Vince' Barrett, born 5th of March 1972, in Derry(Londonderry), to a Catholic, Republican family, during the height of the Second Troubles. Parents were Eamon and Geraldine Barrett. Sister was Lorna Barrett. Was physically abused by his father Eamon, causing him and his sister to move out when they could. They moved to Shatterhill, which being in England had their home community brand them as traitors. Vince struggled to hold down a job due to discrimination against Irishmen, causing him to resort to petty crime, in particular drug dealing; leading to plenty of jail time. In jail, he met Thomas 'Tommy' Morris, a fellow criminal. Together, they founded the Redbridge Syndicate, and managed to build a gang big enough to push out the other, less scrupulous gangs. However, Lorna went back to Derry in January 1996, and came back pregnant. She was very distant after this, clearly traumatised by something, and upon giving birth to Connor, became seriously unwell due to brain injuries sustained during the birth - the first case of a 'Shatterhill Baby' surviving birth. Vince helped raise Connor until Lorna died, at which point Connor was taken to live with Vince's parents, a fact Vince is still bitter about. Shortly after the Derry riots, Vince tried to get custody of Connor but was again denied. After the riots, Vince found out that his mother died in a car accident, and his father had gone missing. Once Connor left the Caverty house, Vince happily took Connor in, and also took Missy as well. He raised both and tried his best to stay on the right side of the law, becoming good friends with Phil Morgan (Tre's dad) who introduced him to a friend who ran a taxicab company. Vince worked as a taxi driver for a while, but to make ends meet he still retained close with the gang. Eventually, when Connor was 18, he introduced him to Tommy to get him a job, despite not wanting Connor to follow in his footsteps too much. The job went horribly wrong and Vince has since been in jail. He made Connor swear to let him take the blame for it all, refusing to let Connor's life be ruined and blaming himself for getting Connor involved. Connor, on the other hand, blames himself and is too ashamed to visit his uncle. Missy still sees him regularly, and sadly both men think that the other hates them.

Please let me know what you think, and then we'll discuss Vince's personality



As a person, Vince is probably where Connor and Missy get their blunt honesty from. Honest to a fault, if Vince doesn't like you, he'll tell you. Vince loves to banter too - he jokes that he's 'reverse two-faced' - he'll be horrible to your face but have nothing but praise behind your back. Vince loves Connor like a son, and likewise sees Missy as his daughter. Despite Tre having a good father figure, he still calls Vince "Uncle Vinny". Ultimately, Vince is a moral man caught in amorality. He never commits a crime he can't justify - in his view, drugs are a personal choice, protection of brothels is keeping vulnerable women safe (and he only guards brothels that treat their women well), and robbery is valid if it's against a rival gang, not least of which being the ones who prey on the people of Redbridge. Vinny is self-sacrificial as we've seen - and as Connor slowly becomes the hero of this story, we'll see that trait reflected in him.




Next up, we have Bianca, or Bea. She's a faily minor cast member, being more involved in Missy and Chloe's lives, but I'll still flesh her out here.

Bianca 'Bea' Jefferson, born 18th of May 1996, to Patrick and Anya Jefferson. Big sister of Theresa 'Tea' Jefferson.
Bea comes from a wealthy family. Her father Patrick is an English stockbroker who comes from old money; her mother Anya is a noveau-riche Cape Colored woman who left South Africa and made it big in the West End as a singer-actress. 
Bea had a very priveliged upbringing, financially speaking. She faced racial abuse in school for being biracial, more so when her vitiligo developed. However, she made close friends in Chloe, and thanks to her private tutoring graduated her school and headed to Shatterhill University. She could have chosen Oxford or Cambridge, but chose Shatterhill to get away from all the rich-kid drama. She studies Journalism.
Personality-wise, Bea is a bombastic, highly outgoing individual, very much the Tre to Chloe's Connor. She's very socially conscious, but also has a carefree attitude. For someone from such a privileged background, she is very down-to-earth - she sometimes struggles to *understand* or *anticipate* the hardships of her poorer friends, but never fails to empathise with them.
Bea is bi-curious - she has only had straight relationships, but is not exactly averse to being with a woman. 

Any thoughts? And then we'll do her personality














Chloe Derrington, born 7th of February 1996, to William Derrington and Nadia Derrington. Younger sister to Victor Derrington. William is another old-money English stockbroker, and Nadia is a stockbroker from America, of Russian and Chinese extraction (Nadia's family left the USSR to pursue wealth). 
Chloe was raised in a rather demanding household, thanks to her mother. Coming from a noveau riche background, Nadia was obsessed with 'fitting in' to the aristocracy. Chloe was born with a number of disabilities - aside from her severe esotropia impairing her vision somewhat, she is also hard-of-hearing (though this is corrected with hearing aids), type-1 diabetic, epileptic, and was born with clubbed feet which delayed her walking as an infant. To Nadia, this was an embarrassment, and Chloe was often isolated at home and neglected in favour of her 'perfect' brother Victor. William tried to raise her well, but ultimately had no backbone against his wife. Chloe grew up with a bit of a paradox - she is both proud of how she has overcome her disabilities, and ashamed of them enough to try and hide them.
Chloe always had a very academic mind, and excelled in school. She became fast friends with Bea, who appreciated Chloe's kind and caring personality. Chloe upon graduating chose to attend Shatterhill University, partly to follow Bea, partly to get away from the pomp, and also because Shatterhill had a very good faculty for her chosen subject, Biotechnology. This was all to the chagrin of Nadia, with whom Chloe has a very strained relationship.

Lemme know what you think, and I'll go into her personality!








Chloe is a deeply kind soul. Empathic to a fault, she is unable to witness suffering without partaking in it on some level. 
In terms of relationships, Chloe hasn't had the best run. She was in a relationship with a boy named Francis, but he became physically abusive and one day scarred her cheek in order to "make it so no other man would choose her". This has affected her greatly - despite being quite beautiful, she genuinely believes herself to be deeply ugly and deformed. She is a 'hopeless romantic' - she wants nothing more than a deep, profound love with someone.
She's also a bona-fide genius, especially in the field of biotech. She is in fact so eminent in the field that by the time the story takes place, she's secured a placement at Throgmorton Genetics, the largest genetic analysis and engineering company in the nation.
Chloe is naturally shy and reserved, but once you break down those barriers, you'll find a deeply kind, intelligent, dilligent woman, who could spend hours talking about genetics and cybernetics if you let her.

Important to note the spoilerific connection to Progeny - Without giving away too much, Throgmorton Genetics is deeply connected to Progeny, and their CEO is part of ODESSA. Indeed, when Connor becomes the hero he is destined to be, it falls to Chloe to perform forensic DNA analysis on this "Mutant Vigilante" that is running around - indeed a point of tension is Connor falling in love with her while being forced to lie about his true identity, especially given his honesty









Next we'll do Anna Zhou, and by proxy her grandfather, the mysterious Dr. Zhou Liang-ji.

Anna Zhou, born 27th of November 1997 to Zhou Mei, deceased. Mei is the daughter of Dr. Zhou Liang-ji, [spoilers - he was a genius bioengineer who was involved in Progeny, being forced to work on it by ODESSA (being a chinese man, the white supremacist cabal didn't treat him well)].
Anna was one of the 'Shatterhill Babies', and was raised by her aunt, Zhou Ling. Ling is a very strict parent, and deeply socially conservative. Ling is like this because of the sinophobic abuse she receives as a Chinese person in xenophobic Britain - she closed off and held on to her identity, even in an exclusionary manner.
Anna grew up feeling stifled by her aunt, and neglected in favour of her cousins. When Anna was 16, she left school to go to college to study vetinary science, to Ling's displeasure. While working in a coffee shop as a barista, she met Missy and discovered her own homosexuality. Missy and her began a secret relationship - only Connor and Tre know about them, and both would take that secret to their grave. To everyone else, Missy presents as Anna's friend.

What do you think? Then we'll go into the personality of Anna






Personality-wise, Anna is shy and repressed. She has a deeply creative mind that has been long stifled, and has deep self-esteem issues. She is kind, but not very expressive, except when she is among friends - at which point she is almost like a different person. Anna has a particular love for animals, and her dream is to work in a wild animal sanctuary. She, like all Shatterhill babies, is unaware of her true potential and origin.







Final notes - we'll learn more about her grandfather, Dr. Zhou, as we progress - but the key is that he was forced against his will to create Progeny - a project to make superhuman soldiers. Out of a desire to fight back, infected Mei and, thus, Anna with Progeny to try and make a hero who could stop them. Indeed, of the Shatterhill babies, only 2 fit the mold of "White Christian" that ODESSA would accept - Connor, and a later character we'll reveal called Alex. The plan was to give these powers to people who would be naturally opposed to ODESSA. In fact, both Connor and Alex's fathers were members of ODESSA and had the procedure done on request to their wives/partners. Everyone Dr. Zhou infected of his own free will were not the 'ideal' Nazi supersoldier.
Another, final note on Progeny and the Babies before we begin; All surviving Shatterhill Babies randomly suffer from migraines, nosebleeds, minor seizures, and palpitations. DNA analysis was done on them but the records were sealed away - crucially, that means that when Connor becomes a hero, his DNA analysis does not match any known human, helping him evade the authorities.









Let's go on to the proper first scene; let me set the stage:

[The scene opens on a car stereo, slowly zooming out to reveal the inside of the car. The channel is changing randomly between music and news stations. You can hear over the radio "--pratist forces--eiged the capital--housands wounded--" and a man climbs in the car and gives the radio a whack. A whizzing noise comes over the speakers and the channel changes to the news station without glitching. The newscaster continues to report on the Eurasian Wars in the background, while the camera follows the man out of the car as he stands and faces a middle-aged woman. The man is Connor Barrett.]
"Well, that worked! Your radio should work fine now. I've replaced the P.C.B. and reset the C.A.N., then I--"
"It's all sorted! If you have any problems miss, please don't hesitate to call us back." says Tre, cutting Connor off before he goes on a tangent. Connor nods appreciatively - to an outsider this would look rude, but Connor knows he can get lost in words, and Tre always knows when to pull him back.
"Thank you so much, darling!" the woman smiles. "And be rest assured, I'll be back - just to see your handsome face!"
Tre stifles a cringe and waves her off. He turns to Connor, now showing open disgust.
"If that was a bloke, and I was a woman, that'd be creepy, yeah? So how come that's acceptable?"
Connor blinks slowly. "This is one of those things where we're mad at something because of trauma, isn't it?"
Tre tries to be angry, but cannot help but chuckle. "Fuck you!" he laughs.
Connor smirks. "You out tonight?"
"Yeah man!" Tre smiles. "You coming?"
"Nah, I'm gonna stay in tonight. You know how it is."
"No worries bro - I'll see you Sunday morning?"
"Afternoon - I switched shifts with Jake"
"...you mean I have to open with *Jake*?"
"He's not that bad." Connor says, but cannot lie convincingly here. "Okay, he is, but at least I'll see you in the afternoon."
"Bring coffee... or drugs."
"Always wanted to try opium." Connor smirks.
"Not a bad shout..." Tre sighs.
Connor leaves the shop, heading home. The streets are dark now, and the lights are dim.








The next scene follows Missy, out in a nightclub smoking area on her phone, texting.
Missy's texting Anna, who has just replied saying her Aunt said she can't go out tonight. Missy texts back with "i understand... just promise me i'll see u soon xx" and sighs, looking around.
There, she spots Bea and Chloe, sat on a bench with a man standing above them. They are both clearly uncomfortable.
She approaches. She turns to the girls and says "Oh my god, I haven't seen you guys in ages! How have you been?"
Chloe nearly speaks up in confusion, but Bea gets the hint. She stands up, gently nudging Chloe with her feet. "Holy shit! How are you babes!" and embraces Missy. She whispers "Creeper." in Missy's ear.
Immediately, Missy asks the man if he has a problem.
"No problem here babe, just talking innit?"
"Well, go talk to someone else." she says, half-growling.
"How about you fuck off, you dyke? I know you, your that weirdo Barrett's sist--AAHH!"
Before he can even finish his insult, Missy has swept his legs out with a kick, and an elbow to the chest winds him. He collapses, wheezing and groaning.
"Tell your mates 'Weirdo Barrett's Dyke sister' kicked your fucking arse."
A bouncer rushes over, and says "You three, get out!"
"The fuck?! I hit the dickhead, they're not invol--"
"OUT!!"
--
The scene cuts to outside the club. The rain is starting, and the three girls have been ejected.
"I am so, so, so sorry" Missy starts, only for Bea to hug her.
"If it weren't for you, god knows what that creeper would have done! Also, that was some ninja shit! Please teach me!"
Chloe smiles warmly. "You saved us. I'm sorry, what's your name? I'm Chloe, and my drunk friend is Bea."
"Missy. Missy Bailey."
"You're a local?"
"Sadly!"
"Then I bet you know the only club in town that isn't full of creepers" Bea giggles.
"Actually..." Missy smirks.




Next, we cut to the inside of a club called "The Singing Horse." Tre, Connor, and a third young man are sat round a table.
"Okay, fine" Connor says, rolling his eyes. "I'm glad you convinced me to come out tonight."
"Told ya!" Tre laughs, sipping his beer.
"Oi oi, boys - sexy tings, 12 o clock" the third man says, pointing at some women.
"Firstly, Tre doesn't say 'tings' and his family's Jamaican, white boy - secondly, that's not 12, that's 4 o'clock, and thirdly, have you ever been on a night out and not thought with your dick, Jake?" Connor retorts, clearly not fond of him.
"Shut up bruv!" Jake responds. "Just because I get pussy and you don't."
"Fuck off, you're a virgin!" Tre replies, cackling.
"No I'm not! I get bare girls!" Jake replies, somehow seeming even more chavvy than before.
The girls walk past the table, and Jake wolf whistles. Both Tre and Connor shoot him filthy looks - that was taking it too far.
One girl scoffs, and Jake smirks and goes "Lesbian." Connor stands up, and without a word, Tre throws Connor's drink in Jake's face. As Jake reels, Connor pushes him off his stool. Connor gives Tre a knowing glace, and smirks. Jake stands up, and leaves, red in the face.
"I'm gonna go to the backrooms. Tommy asked me to look at the printers." Connor says, matter-of-factly.
"It's always work with you bro... no worries" Tre smiles. "I'll see you tomorrow afternoon - I'd better clock off early if I've got Jake opening tomorrow."
"That's if he even shows up after this..." Connor comments, trying to hide a smirk.
"If I see him in a million years, it'll be too soon. Little scrote... why did he even come out tonight?" Tre moans.
"Because he has no friends worth a damn--oh, you were being rhetorical" Connor says.
"You'll get there one day, my son" Tre winks, and heads off. Connor goes down a flight of stairs to a backroom, where he begins working on a 3D printer.






The next scene follows the three girls as they enter a sketchy-looking club. The sign says "The Singing Horse", but as Missy explains, the place is affectionately known to the locals as "Druggey Den".
"I know it sounds bad, but trust me!" says Missy.
"I'm down for anything either way" laughs Bea.
"You took down that creep. Even if this place is full of them, it'll be fun to watch you kick ass" smirks Chloe.
They approach the club's bouncer. He's a big Polish man, bald and tattoed. "Ladies." he says. "You not on the list?"
Bea and Chloe look worried, but confidently, Missy says, "Connor in tonight?"
"You know Connor?" the man lights up.
"He's my big brother. Can we come in? Pleaase" Missy says, faux-begging.
"Haha, any friend of Connor is friend of mine. Enjoy your night, ladies!"
They walk into the club. It's dark, with deep red rave lights and blaring EDM music. Missy goes to the bar and gets the first round - she gets mates' rates.
"This is awesome!" exclaims Bea.
"Seems more laid back for sure" comments Chloe.
"My brother's boss owns this place. It's not your standard bar, but one thing for sure is that no one will start anything here." Missy sips her drink. "Are you guys okay here for a sec? Just gotta go see my brother quickly."
"Yeah of course!" Bea smiles. Chloe nods politely.
Missy heads behind the bar, and down the stairs, to find Connor in a back room tinkering on some circuit board. "Hey, dick."
"Hi, arsewipe" Connor replies, not even looking up from his board. Missy smirks.
"I used your name at the door, is that cool?"
"Missy, do you think I would tell you it was cool if it wasn't?"
"Yes, because you're the biggest pushover I know."
"...touche." He smirks.
"I've met some girls tonight by the way."
"Oh? What about..."
"Not like that" she smiles. "Want me to see if I can set you up?"
"For the last time, Missy - I don't need a new girlfriend. I'm fine as I am."
"You sure? There's one there, totally your type."
"What, is she a prick as well?" Connor smirks.
Missy chuckles. "Have a shit night, dickface."
"Get home unsafe, shitlips."
Both smirk. This is a normal interaction for them. Compared to the foul language Vince would use talking to friends, this was incredibly tame. No one even used the C word! ..This time.

Missy returns to Chloe and Bea. "Sorry about that!"
The night continues. The girls enjoy themselves. Later, Connor sneaks out of the club, apparently done with whatever he was doing here.
On the way home, he is cornered by a group of young men. Skinheads, belonging to the neo-nazi English Patriotic Front gang.
"Oi. Barrett Cunt." says their leader.
"Your dyke sister's been starting on our boys."
"Listen, it's been a long night, can we--" Connor can't finish his sentence before one of them swings a bat at him. He catches it and karate chops the assailant in the face. But another kicks the back of his legs out. And then the beating begins.
Connor is beated bloody and bruised. He skulks back to his flat, wounded but safe and alive.







The next morning, Connor wakes up, aching from the beating. A knock on the door. He opens it, and sees Missy. She gasps.
"Who the fuck..." Missy starts, trembling.
"I'm fine. Come in." Connor groans.
"You are not fine! What the hell happened?" Missy exclaims.
"Nothing, it's fine, just some dicks" Connor replies.
"No! This was me, wasn't it?" she asks, showing a rare flash of vulnerability.
"This was a bunch of pricks. They would have done that regardless. I'm just glad one of them got knocked beforehand. Besides, I think I knocked out one of them anyway." Connor smirks, wincing slightly.
"I'm so sorry" Missy says, a single tear coming down her cheek.
"Don't be. I've taken worse." Connor replies, trying to sound reassuring.
"...what are you doing today?" Missy asks, trying to change the subject.
"I'm delivering a package for Tommy," Connor says, "and then I'm gonna hit the gym"
"No way. You're delivering the package quick as possible, and then you're going to rest here." Missy replies authoritatively.
"I'm fine" Connor says, insistently.
"Connor." Missy says, firmly.
"...fine. I'll come back home afterwards." Connor says, giving in.
"Pushover." she smirks.
"Prick" he chuckles.








We then cut to Chloe and Bea in a cafe. Bea is clearly hungover - she's wearing sunglasses, joggers, and a baggy hoodie. Chloe is wearing a grey jumper and black skinny jeans.
"Okay, be honest" Bea says to Chloe. "What drugs are you taking and where can I get some?"
"It's called 'eating a full meal before going out', 'not drinking a church's worth of wine', and 'having a glass of water on your nightstand'" Chloe smirks.
"Don't sass me when I'm hungover, bitch" Bea says cheekily.
"Don't ask questions you don't want to hear the answer to, *bitch*" Chloe retorts, her words dripping with sarcasm.
"You are so lucky I love you" Bea replies, beaming with pride at the sass she's being dealt.
"And you are so lucky no one else would have me" Chloe retorts, grinning even harder.
"I have taught you so well" Bea chuckles. Both girls sip their coffees.
The camera pans over. Anna is working the tables, bringing food and drinks to customers. She approaches a table with a group of men, each with shaved heads and wearing leathers - the same kind of leathers as the men who beat up Connor. At the head of the table is an older man, with a greying beard and teardrop tatoos on his face - clearly their leader.
"Chicken and bacon toastie, and two expresso's--"
"It's *espresso*. Is that too hard for you lot to pronounce?" the oldest one says, his words full of venom.
"I--sorry. Two espresso's - who are the--"
"I swear." one of the men snarls. "They fuckin' come over here, they take cafe jobs that could go to proper hard working Englishmen, and then they can't even be bothered to pronounce things right!"
Anna trembles and looks down. "W--Where would you like the--" she stammers, and is cut off.
"Wuh-Wuh-Wuh-fucking listen to it! They can't even get a fucking sentence out!"
"I think they need to be taught."
"Oi!" shouts Tre, who has witnessed the incident. "Leave her alone, or get your own fucking coffee!"
"The fuck did you just say to me?!" the younger one snaps, but the oldest places out his hand, as if he were ordering a rabid dog to heel.
"Enough. Don't go starting shit with a nigger in public." He gestures over to Chloe and Bea's table. Bea is filming while Chloe has the police's number ready to dial. "Not when spastics and pakis are filming ya. Now, you." he motions to Anna. "Put the tray down."
Wordlessly, Anna puts the tray down and rushes to Tre, who puts his arm around her and takes her outside.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you..." Anna sobs.
"Those fucking pricks need to be taught, man. They've been getting worse lately."
Chloe and Bea leave with them.
"I'm so sorry..." Chloe begins.
"What the hell is wrong with this city?!" Bea hisses, her face so clenched in anger that she looked like she could headbutt concrete and win.
"It's been getting worse." Anna sniffs. "That was Slater and his boys."
"I'll talk to Tommy." Tre says.
"No, don't, don't make it worse..." Anna starts, but Tre continues.
"Something has to be done. At the least, Slater and his lot need to be dealt with." Tre looks at Anna. "Anna, babes, you should call Missy."
"Yeah... I'll see if I can crash round hers tonight. Do you mind walking me there? In case those bastards are out/"
"You guys know Missy?" Bea interjects.
"Yeah, she's my best mate's sister, and Anna's--"
"Friend. She's my friend." Anna interrupts, before Tre could accidentally say "girlfriend".
"Ah, we met her last night!" Bea continues, her body language suggesting she got the hint, but didn't want to dig further.
"Yeah, she was great!" Chloe adds. "I'm Chloe, by the way."
"Oh yeah, I'm Bea!"
"I'm Tre, lovely to meet you both."
"I'm Anna. Thanks so much for filming those cunts--oh, I mean--"
"You mean cunts. They were cunts." Bea replies, in a surprisingly comforting tone given the words being used.
"Total cunts." Tre adds, nodding.
"Absolute, uh, cunts, yeah" Chloe joins in, clearly not an avid user of the word. They all chuckle.








The next scene, and final scene of the first chapter, is of Connor jogging, after sunset.
While jogging, a van pulls up next to him.
"Fuck. Not again..." he thinks, but a cracking noise interrupts his thinking. A masked man with a silent pistol shoots his leg. Before Connor can scream, a second bullet hits his lungs. Finally, a third to the skull.
Connor's limp body is dragged to the van, and the van speeds off.

[despite appearances, this is only the beginning. Connor is not dead, and the first scene of chapter 2 will go into what happened]








the next scene opens from Connor's POV. The vision is blurry, but the image slowly shapens, and Connor realises a man is walking upside down--no, Connor's upside down. He is disoriented, shocked at being alive... he doesn't know what's going on.
The man approaches, and smirks. He is a man in his 50s, with grey hair, beard, and a dark brown mustache. He speaks in a Deep Southern accent.
"Welcome home." He turns to a Chinese man in an orange jumpsuit. Said man has several small cuts on the side of his head.
"Doctor. Is everything ready?"
"Yes sir, Captain, sir..." the Doctor replies timidly.
"Begin."
The doctor pulls a lever, and electric shocks course through Connor's body. He screams, cries, thrashes about, and blacks out.
He has a few brief flashes. Surgeries. Drills, saws, being used on his flesh. Injections. Pain. And that man... the Chinese man, who looked like he wanted to stop.
Another flash. Connor sees himself ripping an armed man apart with superhuman strength. He sees himself punching down a steel vault door. He sees this... but like a viewer, not as himself.
Finally, he wakes up in a dank alleyway, in the pouring rain, wearing tattered rags.






Next, Connor rises to his feet. He stumbles around, trying to find his bearings.
He knows not who he is.
Yes he does.
No he doesn't
..too much. Too much.
He looks into a puddle.
He is gaunt and bruised, and his hair is shaved, but that is definitely his face.
"I'm still me" he sighs in relief.
The hairs on his neck itch. He looks around, and spots in the distance - a long way away, and in the pouring rain, but yes, he can see it as if it's up close - it's one of the men who shot him.
In fear, he tries to sneak way, but the man spots him, and runs after him.
Connor prepares a stance, despite his aches and weakness. The man swings for Connor, and Connor ducks, and uppercuts the man in the chin as hard as he can, and... Holy shit.
Holy shit.
What the fuck.
What the FUCK?!

Blood.
Blood everywhere.
A sickening crunch.
What?
What?!
WHAT?!

Connor looks down at the lifeless man, then at his own hands.
The man's head is still attached to his body, but... it's facing the wrong way.
"What did I do?" Connor whimpers.
He runs back to his flat.





Next morning, Connor wakes up in his bed. He puts on some fresh clothes, and goes to the Singing Horse. He needs to speak to Tommy.
He descends the stairs into Tommy's back office.
"Connor? Where the fuck have you been?!" Tommy asks, with a mix of concern and indignation.
As Connor explains though, Tommy's face sinks.
"They shot you?!"
"Yes, but I survived, somehow. I woke up in this warehouse, I was being tortured, I can't remember much... but I must have escaped."
"You're not telling me much."
"I think they drugged me. After I escaped, one of them came for me. I hit him in the chin, and he... he died."
"You... wait, the skinhead who got his neck snapped in the Grove - that was you?"
"I didn't mean to! I didn't think I could!"
"Well, good news is you won't get done for it. That part of town has no police, and sounds like you didn't leave any evidence. Still..."
"Tommy, I..." Connor sobs. "I don't know what's happening to me."
Tommy's face hardens. "You don't tell anyone about this, Connor. Swear on Vince's honour. You don't tell a soul."
"Then what do I do?"
"Go home. It's been a week since you went missing. Tell everyone you're okay. Tell them you had a bad trip. Go back to work on Monday. And never tell a soul."
Connor slumps his head and agrees.
"Not a soul, Connor." Tommy repeats.
"Not a soul." Connor replies.



Next scene, Connor is out for a run in the late evening. He's trying to clear his head still.
While running, he notices he's not tiring out like he used to. Like, at all. He's been practically sprinting for 2 hours straight and feels like he could go faster.
And then, a sound. One so far away, but feeling so close. A woman begging "No", a man laughing. The implications...
Connor turns towards the sound and sprints. He runs half a mile before finding the source.
Without hesitation, he barks "Get away from her. Now."
"Or what? Fuck off!"
Connor does not pause. He walks over and punches the man as gently as possible. The man collapses to the floor, wheezing and sputtering. Another man hits Connor's head with a baseball bat. Connor's head is barely moved before he throws this assailant to the ground. He looks at the woman. "Go. Get out of here!" She obliges.
Free from the risk of collateral damage, Connor breaks both men's legs with ease. He smiles at their screams, before realising he's smiling... in horror, he puts up his hood, and runs on home.








Some time later, Connor gets a phone call from Tommy.
"Connor, there's men at the Stoke and Witch."
"I'm on my way." Connor says, like a soldier.
"No you are not. I'm telling you because if you here it from anyone else you'll go. You are going to stay away. You are not my soldier. You are a hacker. Do what you do best and find out who these freaks are."
"Tommy..."
"Not a soul!" Tommy barks.
"...I won't *tell* a soul." Connor says, with a glint in his eye.
"...Don't."
"I have to." Connor hangs up, and sprints. Stoke and Witch - one of the brothels the Syndicate protects. Connor dons a balaclava to hide his identity and barges in, eager to test himself.
He knocks one man flying, and grabs the other's knife, before knocking him down. He knows his own strength a lot more now.
A third man stabs Connor in the abdomen. The pain is horrible, but it focuses him. Time slows. Actions become clear. This is no mere adrenaline rush - it's something more.
Connor aims a well-placed jab at the man's chin. This time, the neck doesn't break - but teeth come flying. Connor slaps the man's ears, and he crumples to the ground.
"Connor, you saved--holy shit, your chest!" one of the women screams.
"I'm fine." Connor exhales, and pulls out the knife. Despite the force with which the man stabbed him, the blade didn't go very deep. And the pain... The pain is almost gone now. It still *hurts*, but it's not *painful* anymore. Like endorphins, but a thousand times more potent.
"What am I?" Connor thinks to himself. He jogs over to the Singing Horse. By the time he arrives, his wound has closed up into a mere red mark. Soon, it will have healed completely. Not even a scar will remain.
"Not a soul." he thinks. He goes into Tommy's office.
"I told you not to!" Tommy snaps, his voice trembling with the kind of anger only fear for a loved one can bring.
"And who knows who could have gotten hurt if I didnt?!"
"...Still."
"Still what?!"
"It's dangerous, Connor. You... you can do things no one else can. Christ knows what'll happen to you if you get caught."
"I could say the same for you."
"They won't cut me up."
"They've already cut me up. I'm fine."
"You're not fine! Connor, please."
"TOMMY!" Connor shouts. "Tommy... You and Vince, you guys taught me to fight against injustice. To help the helpless where I can. Well now I really can."
"... there's no stopping you, is there?" Tommy replied with a weary sigh.
"Would there be any stopping you?"
"You're too much like your uncle"
"...Thank you."
"Make it count."
Tommy leaves, leaving Connor to contemplate.
"I can do anything" Connor thinks.
"...No. Not anything." His mind flashes to the broken bones. The flying teeth. The dead man...
"I need to find out what happened. I need to find out what I am. But... I need to use it for good, too." he mentally vows to himself.




next up, Connor and Tre are at the university library. Connor seeks to learn more about biology to find out how his powers work.
He tells Tre "I watched Wolverine last night and wanted to figure out how healing factors work."
"You're an oddball bro, but hey, I'm here for it." Tre smiles. "I'm gonna go play Fifa on their Xbox - come see me when you're done being nerdy and we'll hang."

Across the library sit Chloe and Bea, on their study laptops.
"I'll be right back" Chloe says, smiling and picking up a biology textbook to swap on the shelves.
"How do you do it?" Bea asks, staring despondently at her books.
"Severe social isolationism" Chloe quips, smirking.
"Hey!"
"Okay. Moderate social isolationism" Chloe grins.
"Thank you. I did my part!" Bea smirks.

Connor, meanwhile, is reading a book at the shelves while pacing. He doesn't go to uni, so doesn't want to sit on a table with strangers. He is so lost in this book, trying to understand what it's saying about "phospholipids" and "metazooa" and other weird words that even his heightened senses don't realise. 

Meanwhile, Bea looks over and spots Connor pacing in the aisle. She nudges Chloe gently and points at him with her pencil.
"Who's that little cutie?" she says, excitedly. "I didn't think your course had boys like that."
"No, he's not in my class. I'd recognise him." Chloe says. Bea raises an eyebrow and Chloe blushes. "I mean, I recognise all my classmates, you know..." she says, unconvincingly.
"Maybe he's some sexy foreign exchange student..." Bea teases, "Maybe you can go and get some... 'extra credit'". As Bea says 'extra credit', she makes an esoteric hand gesture - it's unclear what particular sex act she's miming - the only thing clear is that it's intended to be a sex act.
"Shut up!" Chloe replies, her face red. "You're such a dick" she smiles, smacking Bea's arm playfully.
"Go talk to him!" Bea motions. "I'm not even teasing you - a boy who's into your biotech-y stuff, a real cutie, *and* not one of those arse-hats in your class?"
"They're not *all* arseholes... okay fine, maybe some of them are." Chloe rolls her eyes.
"Look, he clearly doesn't know what book he's looking for. Go ask him if he needs help! You know that aisle like it's the back of your hand."
"...Fine." Chloe eventually replies. "But don't get any ideas! I'm just... helping this poor foreign exchange student." She smirks.
"You go get that extra credit, girl!" Bea retorts, encouragingly. "I'll go sit over there - if he's a weirdo, the codeword is 'Vatican'"
"Hardy har har." Chloe replies. She approaches Connor, holding her stack of books. She goes to open her mouth, but as she does, Connor, unaware of her presence, knocks into her, sending her books flying.
"Oh my god, I'm so... so sorry!" Connor says, startled.
"Haha, it's okay, sorry, I wasn't looking..." Chloe replies smiling.
"I'm so sorry, please let me help you... with these books" Connor stutters, trying to pick up the books Chloe dropped.
"It's okay" she chuckles. "I haven't seen you here before. Are you doing the biotech course?"
"Me? Oh, I'm uh... I work in a garage" he blurts out. "I mean, I'm not a student, no." He stifles a blush.
"Oh okay, well what brings you here?" she asks, smiling warmly, hugging her books.
"Oh, well... It sounds pretty stupid."
"I'm sure it doesn't!"
"I wanna know how Wolverine heals."
Chloe pauses for a moment, her brows creased in thought. Then her eyes light up.
"I know just the book. One sec."
She darts straight to a dusty old book on the shelf, one that clearly hasn't been picked in months.
"Here. 'How To Live Forever.' Bit of a silly title, but it's all about using genetic engineering to make organisms survive extreme situations."
"I... Wow." Connor says. "Thank you so much!"
"Hey..." Chloe says, almost hesitating. "If you're not studying this stuff already, it can be a little daunting. Do you want me to go through it with you?"
"That would be amazing!" Connor exclaims. Chloe leads him to her table.
"I'm Chloe, by the way."
"Connor. It's great to meet you!"
"You too!" she says, flashing a warm smile.
"My friend Bea was here, don't know where she's gone... Oh well. So..." she lays the book out so both of them can see it. "The guy who wrote this, Dr. Zhou Liang-Ji, he's a genius. He's a bit of an enigma within the biotech industry - he was behind some of the biggest leaps in cloning and gene engineering in the 80's and early 90's, some say he single-handedly solved China's famine problem, but after 1994, he stopped publishing completely."
"Whoa..." Connor replies in astonishment. "Like, completely dissappeared?"
"Yeah!" Chloe replies, glad that Connor is taking an interest. "I'm... kind of a fan of his. His work was centuries ahead of his time."
The two read through the book. Chloe answers the question of "What's a lipid?" with "Oh, Lipids are fat. They are absorbed into your body and converted into Phospholipids. A sheet of one of these makes up the outside of a cell wall, another sheet lines the inside of a cell - as one tip is repelled by water and the other attracted, these sheets stick together to form something known as the phospholipid bilayer, AKA the walls of the cells that make up your body."
"Wow," Connor replies, "You make it sound so simple, haha"
"Hah, that's good!"
"Sorry to keep pestering you with these questions - if you need to actually study other stuff you can."
"No, no it's fine - honestly, it's good to have someone to explain all this to, it helps me make sure I know it well enough."
"Well, I'm definitely happy being your training idiot" Connor smirks.
"Haha, not at all" Chloe replies shyly, hiding her blushing. The camera pans over to Tre, sitting at a desktop PC watching Connor. He smiles proudly. Bea approaches and sits next to him. Without skipping a beat, she turns to him and says "What's he like?"
"...Excuse me?" Tre replies. "Wait, Bea, isn't it?"
"Oh yeah, you were at the cafe! Tre, wasn't it?"
"The one and only" Tre smirks. Bea raises an eyebrow and smirks back.
"As for Connor, he's my best friend. He's kind, caring, probably the second hottest boy in this library, and oh yeah, he's single." Tre speaks, his voice beaming with pride.
"...you get a lot of practice being his wingman?"
"Actually, it's the other way around - he's always had my back."
"Well, he's not being your wingman right now." Bea raises an eyebrow.
"...He's made you sit next to me, hasn't he?" Tre smirks, then winks.
Bea scoffs, but she's clearly amused. "That one work often?"
"...No, not often" Tre laughs.
The camera pans back to Connor and Chloe. Connor says: "So, let's say for the sake of argument, you had a guy who was, I don't know, stabbed in the abdomen, and within hours he was absolutely fine, no scar at all. What are the implications there?"
"Huh." Chloe thinks for a moment. "Well, healing that fast would mean a really high metabolism." Connor's stomach grumbles quietly, too quiet for Chloe to hear. If guts could speak, Connor's would say "Listen to the woman and eat."
"And being able to heal that quick means certain safeguards would be removed. The guy would be a lump of cancer within days." she says.
Connor subconsciously recounts how long it's been. 2 weeks. No cancer signs. Thank god.
"To avoid that, his immune system would have to be insanely precise, which means an even higher metabolism."
His guts rumble quietly again. "Exactly. Do you want cancer? No? Then eat." they would have said.
"and it would also cause rapid aging."
A small whisper in Connor's subconscious. "But what if they also produced... is it telomerase?"
"Yes, you're getting it! Well that would counteract the aging, but would increase the cancer problem, meaning more metabolism... they'd be practically famished, unless they had some other 'mutations' that made them able to maximise their metabolic efficiency. Then they'd merely be hungry."
"Yes Connor" his guts whisper non-existently. "Very. Fucking Hungry." they'd say, if guts could speak.
The school bell rings.
"Oh shoot, i've got to go. But it was lovely meeting you Connor!"
"It was great to meet you, Chloe!"
"Hey..." she says, again almost hesitantly. "Do you want my number? In case you have any more questions, I mean I could go on about this all day. You seem really nice, and you've put up with me rambling... I mean, that is to say..." Chloe continues, clearly self-conscious. She smiles shyly and trails off, not wanting to ramble too much.
"Yeah, that'd be great! I'll try not to knock you on the ground again" he smirks, blissfully unaware of any awkwardness. Seeing this, Chloe relaxes slightly.
Chloe chuckles. "I'd appreciate that, sir." She gives her number and leaves. She spots Bea and heads over to her. Bea, upon seeing Chloe, says "Soooo... tell me everything!", clearly excited.
Connor stands, and with that Tre approaches  like a jaguar. "Soooo..."
"Shut up, Tre."
"Connor's got a girl-friend" Tre sings, teasingly.
"No, she's just a nice person. Besides, did you see her? No way she's single."
"Well, you've got her number" Tre smiles, "Maybe ask her out?"
Smiling, the boys head back to Connor's place.







The next scene opens on a group of men wearing neo-nazi leathers looking through some boxes. A man in a military uniform is stood behind them, presenting their contents.
"And this'll make us like you?" one of the men asks.
"More than that." the uniformed man replies. We zoom in and see bulging black veins around his eye sockets, and the swastika armband on him. "It'll bring our leader's vision to this mulatto city."
Suddenly, the sound of glass shattering is heard. One of the Neo-nazis  draws out his knife. "Who's there?!" Then the lights cut out. We can hear the sound of punching, before the man in the uniform pulls out a flashlight and gazes upon their assailant - a man in a black hoodie, black joggers, a balaclava, and black combat boots. This man introduces himself in a northern Irish accent - "Evenin', fuckers." He swings at the uniformed man, but is blocked. A look of surprise dawns on his face. They begin to fight.
The fight is intense - both men are throwing punches so hard, you can physically hear the sound of their swings in the air. Clearly, the man in uniform is some sort of superhuman - and so is the man in black. But the man in black is clearly the stronger of the two, and he manages to break the uniformed man's leg, before knocking him down with a kick to the head. He grabs the man by the throat and shouts "Who are you people, and what did you do to me?!" but the uniformed man foams at the mouth and his eyes roll back. The masked man sighs, reaches into the uniformed man's mouth, and pulls out a false tooth. "Cynaide" he says, not in the Irish voice, but in Connor's voice - it's Connor. He takes off the balaclava and looks into the box. Several syringes are inside. He grabs one, lights a match, and throws it into the box, burning the rest. He leaves for home.




The next scene, the camera starts in Connor's flat. It is untidy and dimly lit - Connor hasn't been looking after it very well. He climbs in through an open window and removes his mask, before sighing and pulling out a drawing board. He crosses off an item on a list, steps back, and sighs again. The camera pans out, showing several other leads Connor has investigated - all dead ends. He pulls out his phone.
"Tommy, it's me." Connor says.
"No, nothing. Managed to grab whatever he was pushing on 'em, though - some kind of syringe." He listens to Tommy's reply.
"Well, I figured it'd be good to look into it - once I find someone who can. Either way, no good leaving that shit on the streets--" Connor takes a sharp intake of breath. He can hear something. "Gotta go. Talk soon."
He creeps up to his bed, hearing a noise - buzzing. He investigates - another phone. Some kind of burner, probably. He picks it up and answers it. A modulated voice speaks. "Mr. Barrett."
"Who is this?" Connor asks.
"Not important. What is important is that we share an enemy. Those psychos who experimented on you? I have lead for you." The accent is modulated, but clearly an Eastern European man.
"What lead?"
"Belson Docks. Warehouse 5-2-59/B. A certain 'Slater' is meeting these men. Take them out, and we'll talk more." the voice says. The phone hangs up. Connor calls Tommy again, and simply says - "Found something. Talk soon." He heads back out the window.



Next up, a dimly lit empty warehouse block. Slater and a couple of goons are meeting 2 men in military uniforms. Connor is hidden behind a couple of boxes, listening in.
"You dissapoint us, Slater." one of the uniformed men says.
"Oh yeah? Well you lot are selling gear on my streets without my say-so." Slater replies, trying to sound tough.
"Not gear - but you woulndn't get it. You've been taking from us." the other man says.
"Any operations on my streets gotta be done with my say-so. Otherwise, it's fair game." Slater replies.
"I'll show you fair game." the first uniformed man says, pulling out a silenced pistol and shooting both goons in the head. He then shoots slater in the abdomen. Connor gasps, giving away his position.
"Get him!" the first man says.
Connor leaps from the boxes and grabs the armed man in a headlock, then swings round with supernatural agility - breaking the man's neck in one fluid motion. The other man whacks Connor round the head with a crowbar, knocking him on his back. As the man swings down again, Connor grabs the crowbar, kicks the man to throw him off balance, jumps to his feet, hits the man in the face to knock him backwards, and as the man stumbles, Connor drives the crowbar's sharp end through the man's chest with enough force to pin him to the ground, killing him instantly. Connor shudders for a moment, before approaching Slater. He's alive.
"Why are you meeting with these spooks, Slater?" Connor asks in his Irish accent, preparing to interrogate him. Thankfully, Slater's a coward in pain, so he spills.
"Th-they've been selling gear, trying to shack up with the Patriots - we've got nothing to do with them, I swear!"
"They're with the Patriots? I thought your lot were with them."
"Stupid git... we split from those losers years ago. But you nigger-lovers think we're all the same--aghh!" Connor whacks Slater.
"Where can I find them?"
"I don't know... I don't... I need..." Slater hyperventilates, before passing out.
Connor sighs, looks up, asks "Why am I going to do this?" and pulls out his phone.
"999, what emergency service do you require?" the phone operator says.
"Hello, yes, I need an ambulance, I've had an accident and I'm bleeding out. I'm at Belson Docks, Warehouse 5-2-59/B. Goodbye." He says in a goofy Dublin accent before hanging up.
Connor then walks outside, calls the burner phone and says "Okay, get this - these psychos are apparently connected to the English Patriotic League - real freaks. Slater's gang split with them years back, so I'm guessing they're weeding out the competition. Slater thinks they're pushing gear, but they're not - I know they're not."
"Good work," the voice replies. "This is beginning of very beautiful friendship."
"Friends tell each other their names." Connor replies.
"In KGB, we don't have names." the voice replies. "But friends tell friends when they're in KGB."
"What the hell is going on?" Connor asks.
"You'll find out. Agent of ours will meet you at coffee shop accross from your house. Be there at 10am sharp. He will say Absalom Granite - do not talk to anyone who says otherwise. You will say Halcyon Cameos."
"Got it." Connor says, hanging up.


Next up, Connor is sitting at a table in the coffee shop. Anna comes out, in her barista uniform.
"Waiting for someone?" she asks.
"Yeah, business associate - one of Tommy's friends. Should be here soon..." Connor checks his watch. It's 9.59 AM.
"I'd better get back to it. See you round." Anna says. As she leaves, a man in his 40s with receding black hair and a thick beard sits at Connor's table. He looks around, then says "Absalom Granite." in a thick Belarusian accent.
Connor smirks. "Halcyon Cameos." The man smiles, satisfied that the code words were correct.
"I have mission for you." the man says.
"Good morning to you, too." Connor replies, sipping his coffee.
"My name is Ivan Sokolov." the man says.
"I thought the KGB didn't have names." Connor retorts.
"Who says I'm KGB?" Ivan says, smirking cheekily.
"Same people who say that name isn't the fakest name ever" Connor retorts, smirking.
"Fair enough." the man grins. "We go on this mission together. You and me take taxi from train station. We arrive at destination - warehouse occupied by bad guys. You go in, loud - kill the bad guys while I sneak in, then we take the stuff they have."
"What stuff do they have?" Connor asks, raising an eyebrow.
"Don't know - but secret, military shit." Ivan replies.
"Better get going then." Connor replies, finishing his coffee. They leave.



Next up, Connor and Ivan are approaching the warehouse. Ivan hands Connor a gun. "You know how to use?"
"Point at anything that makes a noise?" Connor asks, then winks."
"Yes. And if gun jams, always look down barrel for jam." Ivan replies, his words dripping with sarcasm.
The two head in. Connor shoots down the first two guards, then runs in. There, he sees crates of syringes, a cage with a big black wolf, and a podium with a pile of black cloth. He takes a moment to observe before being shot at, causing him to return fire. Ivan shoots too, but is wounded in the fight. Connor runs over to him, and sees that he's dying. He looks down at the syringes and thinks back to what the Patriot said - "And this'll make us like you?" - he jabs Ivan with the syringe. Ivan screams in pain, his eyes roll to the back of his head, and he stops breathing - Connor panics, but then Ivan takes a sharp breath in and appears to be breathing - though unconscious.
Connor approaches the podium with the cloth, and suddenly the cloth moves - it's almost liquid in its movements - it latches onto Connor, and dissapears. He is shocked, but more shocked when the substance pushes itself out of his skin and forms a kevlar armoured bodysuit around him, then shrinks back into his skin, leaving him naked, then - changes into a normal set of clothes.
"What the fuck?" Connor says aloud, and his clothes morph into the kevlar costume again.
"...that could be useful" he says, and approaches the cage. The 'wolf' isn't a wolf - it's a wolfdog, bigger and stronger than either wolves or dogs. And it's massive, too - but clearly young.
"Hey, buddy" Connor says, leaning in through the bars. "What have they been doing to you?"
"Oh, you have no idea." the wolfdog replies. Both of them look shocked for a second.
"Did you just fucking talk?" Connor asks, aghast.
"Wait, you can understand me?" the wolfdog replies.
"Yes--you... holy shit" Connor replies, awestruck.
"Please let me out! I've had enough of these apes!"
Connor breaks the lock, and the wolfdog timidly walks out the cage.
"Can... Can I come with you? I've never been free before..." the wolfdog asks shyly.
"Yeah... yeah of course. Come along!" Connor says. He lifts Ivan up onto his shoulder, and the three head to the car.


In the next scene, Ivan wakes up in the car. Connor explains to him what happened, and he asks to be dropped off, along with one of the syringes. He bid both Connor and the wolfdog farewell, though unlike Connor, he cannot understand the wolfdog. Connor drives back to his flat and brings the wolfdog inside.
"So, this is our place - it's a bit of a mess at the moment, but--"
"Oh wow!" the wolfdog says. "THis place is so cool! Lots of smells, there's food here - and no syringes or chains in sight!"
"Haha, yes, this is a chain-free zone." Connor says. "...I'm Connor, by the way."
"I'm me!" the wolfdog replies, wagging his tail. "The bad men called me Fenrir, but I don't know what that means."
"Where did you learn English?" Connor asks.
"I just figured it out, I suppose." the wolfdog replies. "I heard them talking and eventually learned what their words mean. But when I'd talk to them, they never learned. Maybe they just didn't care."
"...so, you still talk in barks and growls--but I can understand you for some reason." Connor says, unsure.
"Maybe we're brothers?" the wolfdog asks, wagging his tail again.
"Haha, that's...honestly, that's better than anything I've come up with." Connor says, chuckling. "So, you can sleep on the sofa-bed here - it's not the comfiest, but--"
"Wow, my own bed!!" the wolfdog exclaims, jumping up and making himself comfortable. "This is so comfy!! Much better than the cage."
Connor smiles. "And if you need to go toilet, just let me know."
"Okay, will do!" the wolfdog replies smiling.
"...hey, I'm gonna put the telly on, if you're okay with that?"
"What's a telly?" the wolfdog asks.
"It's--you'll see." Connor replies, putting on the television. Spartacus, the Kirk Douglas movie, is playing.
"Ahh!! Where did that man come from?!" the wolfdog asks, startled.
"Oh, no no it's okay! They're not really here, the telly just shows us things - like a window."
"...I never had windows." the wolfdog says sadly, but then he looks at the television and smiles. "But I do now!"
The two watch the movie. The "I Am Spartacus" scene plays.
"What does that mean?" the wolfdog asks.
"Well, there's loads of interpretations there - but I like to think, they're all saying 'Spartacus isn't one man. He's an idea, one of freedom and liberation. You can hurt us and kill us, but we'll still be Spartacus'."
The wolfdog pauses for a moment. "I am Spartacus." he says to himself.
"Hey," Connor says, "I know you didn't like the name the bad guys gave you... do you like the name Spartacus?"
"Me? Yes! I love it! I have a name!" Spartacus replies, wagging his tail.
"Spartacus." Connor says, smiling. "Sparky for short!"
"Yes! I love it I love it!" Sparky replies, happily.
The two watch movies until they fall asleep.






The next scene begins with Connor waking up and looking at his phone. Sparky is fast asleep laying on his legs. The TV is still on - they both fell asleep without realising. Connor chuckles and checks his phone. He has a text from Chloe.
"Hey! Hope you're good! Sorry I haven't spoken in a while, uni's been hectic aha. Do you wanna meet up today if you're free? If not that's cool :)"
Connor smiles and replies "Heya, i'm good!! That's okay, work's been busy for me too haha. Yeah I'm free, quick question - how are you with dogs?"
Chloe replies quickly - betraying how keen she is. "Omg I love dogs! Where is this going? :D"
Connor chuckles and replies "I may or may not have got a dog yesterday - wanna go for a dog walk?"
Before Connor can even walk from the sofa to the bathroom, she replies with "OMG YES YES YES"... followed up by "Where did you want to go?" Connor can almost hear Chloe clearing her throat, and almost see her blushing there. He chuckles and replies "Meet us in Angleford Park at 11am?"
He wakes Sparky up, and is greeted by several licks. He giggles, and asks him "Hey bud, I'm going to meet one of my friends today at the park - would you like to come?"
"Oooh, yes yes yes!! One of the movies we saw last night was about dog parks!! I want to chase squirrels, and bark at ducks, and swim, and play fetch, and--"
"Haha, good to hear! Before we go, you're going to have to wear a collar and lead - are you okay with that?"
"Oh... I don't know... they used to put things on me that hurt me when I was bad..." Sparky says, his ears and tail flopping down.
"Oh no, no shock collars!! Just a regular collar so no one thinks you're feral - I promise, I'll let you off lead as soon as we're at the park!"
"Oooh, okay good! I'm ready!" Sparky says, his cheerful demeanor returning.
"Just one thing - and this is very important. I used to have a staffy, and her recall was awful - if I let you off lead, you have to come back to me when I call you, okay? I promise I'll only call you back if it's for the best."
"Okay, that's okay!" Sparky replies, clearly happy to be given any freedom at all.
The pair head to the park, and Connor sees Chloe sat on a bench. She's wearing a padded jacket and thermal leggings - Connor used his suit to manifest a T shirt and a pair of joggers. He forgot that people still got cold - he never felt the cold anymore.
"Oh my god, hi!!" Chloe says, running over to them. She gives Connor a hug, and he awkwardly puts his arm around her - he's not a hugger.
"Oh, sorry, are you not--" Chloe begins
"It's okay" Connor says, "I just never know where to put my arms" he chuckles. She seems relieved, then looks at Sparky.
"And who's this handsome man?! Hello!" she says, and Sparky smiles.
"Hi! I'm Sparky! Do you want to be my friend?" he says.
"Aww, he's a vocal one, eh?" she says, clearly unfazed by his barking. Connor breathes a sigh of relief - he's glad she can't hear him speaking.
They go for their walk. As they're walking, a daschund comes running over to Sparky barking and snarling. Connor runs over.
"Sparky, it's okay. Hey, can you get your dog please?" he says to the owner.
"It's fine, he's only little!" the owner says.
Sparky lets out a ferocious roar, causing the daschund to run crying to the owner.
"Get that thing on a muzzle!" the owner screams, running away.
Sparky then huffs and runs off. Connor and Chloe chase him to a stream, where he's sitting quietly. Connor approaches and sits next to him,
"Hey bud." he begins. "Don't worry, you were good."
"I don't wanna wear a muzzle." Sparky says, fearfully.
"I'd never put you in a muzzle." Connor says, putting his arm around him. "Every dog deserves a person but... well, not every person deserves a dog."
"Why didn't the little one like me?" Sparky asks, whimpering.
"I don't know." Connor replies. "Some dogs are just yappy little shits. Personally, I think you were right to yell. And good boy for not biting it - my old staffy would have."
"I didn't want to hurt it." Sparky whimpers.
"I know. Good boy." Connor says, stroking Sparky's head. Chloe, watching from behind, smiles. She sits with them, and they have a picnic together.



The next scene begins with Connor and Sparky back at the flat. Both appear to be in great pain.
"You're getting these headaches too?" Connor asks, rubbing his temples.
"I've had them as long as I can remember." Sparky replies, chewing on his bone desperately.
"That reminds me. How old are you?" Connor asks.
"I don't know." Sparky replies, then continues "I think I heard someone say I was 6 months old not too long ago."
"Hmm." says Connor pensively. "You look around 8 months old for a husky - which is the closest breed I'm familiar with - and obviously you're way bigger than a husky."
"Oooh, huskies are the fluffy white ones aren't they?" Sparky replies, momentarily letting his excitement overpower his pain.
"Haha, very good--aghhh" Connor says, before being cut off by a spike of agony. "I've had these headaches ever since my powers came."
"Powers?" Sparky tilts his head.
"You know, super-strength, agility, speed... you don't have those?" Connor thinks back to Sparky running around the park with incredible speed. "You must do."
"I always thought I was normal. Can most dogs not do that?" Sparky asks.
"Most dogs can't run faster than cheetahs, no." Connor chuckles.
"Wow. I must be special then!" Sparky beams.
"You must be. It sounds like you were born with them." Connor begins.
"...no, I was weak as a pup. " Sparky thinks for a moment before continuing. "I remember the bad men took me and my brothers and sisters and hurt us with needles. All my brothers and sisters died, but I got stronger. I remember it."
"...I'm sorry, buddy." Connor begins. "I don't remember much about what happened to me, but needles were involved. And that syringe gave Ivan his powers. These guys... they have some kind of drug, or virus or whatever, that when injected, probably kills most people - hence why they tested it on dogs first, and then... I don't know, I'm a lot stronger than most of them, maybe they... I reckon they wanted to see how high a dose they could give someone before they die, and it went horribly right with me."
"It could be that," Sparky replies. "it makes sense to me. Those men always enjoyed hurting me to see how hard I could take it. They clearly like doing that."
"They certainly have form--Aghh!!" another spike of agony, worse than last time. Connor's nose bleeds, and he looks over at Sparky, who is chewing on his own leg.
"Oh shit, are you okay?" Connor asks. Sparky tilts his head.
"I'm okay--I learned ages ago that when the headaches get bad, if you hurt yourself, they get better." Sparky replies.
"Hmm." Connor thinks. He pulls out his lighter, heads to the balcony, and begins to burn his wrist. The pain is bad, but then--endorphins. It feels much better, both on his wrist and, more importantly, his head. He stops once he can smell his wrist's smoke. He heads back inside, and Sparky is relaxing now, his back leg cut up, but healing. Connor looks at his wrist, and it's already started to heal. His phone starts buzzing - it's the burner. He answers. Ivan's on the other end, not modulated at all this time.
"Connor, my friend - thank you for saving my life. Have you been having migraines at all? I don't know if this is normal."
"Funny you should mention that," Connor replies. "I've just been told by Sparky--the wolfdog we rescued - that hurting yourself helps with that. He's been chewing his leg, and I just burned my wrist - we're both feeling a lot better now."
"Oooh, is that Ivan?" Sparky says, excitedly. "Hi Ivan!"
"Really?" Ivan responds. "Good to know. Hah, I can hear the dog barking. How is he?"
"He's good," Connor replies. "I'm learning a lot from him."
"Well, I have something for you. A job." Ivan begins.
"What kind of job?" Connor asks.
"This is secure line. It is hitman job." Ivan says nonchalantly.
"What?!" Connor asks, shocked.
"Is okay. You work for place called 'International Executive Solutions' - company used by all big power players in world - take down bad guys and get paid."
"What are you saying?!" Connor replies, unconvinced.
"Listen. I got you good job. Your target, man named Omar Berrid. Moroccan general with chip on his shoulder. Plotting to overthrow government, institute military dictatorship, and go to war with Algeria. Intelligence agencies can't touch him - but you can. IES will handle travel, alibis, room and board. All you have to do is kill the bastard. Payout is 200k, paid as monthly installments of 4 grand for 4 years. We'll also be owed one by several power players - I'll use that favour to dig up more dirt on these psychos." Ivan explains.
"You're asking me to kill a man, potentially the next leader of Morocco, for money?" Connor asks.
"No." Ivan replies, curtly. "I'm asking you to prevent a war that would kill hundreds of children, you'll just so happen to be rewarded for it." Ivan replies.
"Nice appeal to my morals. You're still asking me to kill for money." Connor replies.
"Fine, yes - but he deserves it. And you need the cash." Ivan retorts.
"What would the police say, if they saw some poor boy from the slums making 4 grand a month?" Connor asks.
"It's all legal - you'll be officially employed by a tech company, and they'll pay you the money each month. Anyone asks, you work from home as a consultant." Ivan replies.
"Who's paying the money?" Connor asks.
"Construction firm. They could lose billions in contracts, so they're having Berrid taken out."
"...fine. But one condition. Drop the pay to 2 grand, and send the rest over to the Syndicate."
"You've got it, tovarisch." Ivan replies.
Connor steels himself. "When do I head out?"
"Tomorrow. Taxi will meet you outside at 10am. Will take you to private airfield."
"How does the KGB have this kind of money?"
"It's not KGB." Ivan explains. "This is every political power player in world behind this."
Connor hesitates. "Can I bring Sparky?"
"Of course."
"I'm in." Connor replies.
Sparky looks up, excitedly. Connor relays what has been told, and Sparky replies with "I'm ready - if it helps us find the people who hurt us, we should do it."
Connor breathes in, and they both get some rest while they can.





Next up, the two are in a fancy hotel room. Connor is wearing a white shirt, green cargo trousers, and boots, along with a beige arabic scarf. Sparky is led at his feet, panting slightly in the heat. A man in a suit is talking to them, gesturing to a board.
"Berrid is currently staying in this block here." the man gestures to a photo of Berrid on the phone in an office, taken from accross the street. "This is an office building used by members of the Moroccan Intelligence Agency. He is likely trying to convince them to support his coup."
"When do we strike?" Connor asks.
"His convoy will be leaving soon. They'll be taking a road through the desert" the man replies, gesturing to a map with markers on it. "towards Camp Bakir. You will intercept en-route. An ATV has been provided."
"Got it," Connor replies. "We'll get ready now."
Connor and Sparky head to the interception point in the desert, and wait for Berrid's convoy. When it arrives, Connor walks out into the road. The convoy screeches to a halt and several men point their guns at him. He's morphed his suit into the armoured costume now.
"Clear the road!" a man shouts in Arabic. "Or we will shoot!"
Sparky, sneaking past them like a shadow, prowls up behind the man. Connor morphs a small blade behind his back, and in a fluid motion, throws it at one of the men's abdomens, incapacitating him, as Sparky jumps out and mauls the other, scarring him but leaving him alive.
The battle at the convoy is intense, but brief. Normal humans are no match for these two. Berrid is killed quickly - Connor simply grabs him and, without a word, snaps his neck. The pair then rush off into the desert with the sun setting, preparing to sneak back to their hotel. They return, and the man is waiting for them. Connor shows him a photo of Berrid's corpse. The man looks satisfied, calls a number and says a bunch of codewords, before ushering the pair to a cab waiting outside.




The next scene starts with Connor and Sparky on an empty plane, heading back to Shatterhill. Connor turns to Sparky.
"So... how do you think that went?" Connor asks.
"We did good, didn't we?" Sparky says.
"We did... but I mean, fighting. How do you feel about that?"
"Good. Really good. Like I was made for it." Sparky replies, his cheerful demeanor contrasting his words.
“Made for it?” Connor asks, raising an eyebrow.
“Yeah! I don’t know, it just feels right. Like chasing a ball, but... bigger,” Sparky says, wagging his tail slightly.
“You’re okay with that?” Connor presses.
Sparky tilts his head, thoughtfully. “I don’t like hurting anyone. But if it’s someone bad, someone who hurts others... it feels like stopping them is a good thing.”
"...me too. But, remember - we can only hurt bad guys. Men like Berrid, or the people who hurt us, we can go after them."
"I know." Sparky replies. "I'd never hurt the innocent."
"Good." Connor replies, relieved. "Me neither."
As they sleep, Connor is disturbed by a nightmare - he sees the faces of several men - the people he's killed. One man, his head facing backwards, screams "Why?!". It's Berrid. Connor looks away and instead sees a familiar face - the older, southern man who he saw flashes of when he was taken. The man laughs, but then Connor sees in the distance... Vince. Vince walks up to Connor, puts his hand on his shoulder, and smiles softly. Connor wakes up as the plane lands. He looks over at Sparky, fast asleep, strokes him, and smiles. 
"At least you're sleeping soundly." Connor muses. He prepares to head home with Sparky.



The next scene opens with a new character - a man in a trenchcoat at a desk. He has a badge - he's a detective. A young south-asian woman in a PC uniform approaches his desk.
"DI Naismith? PC Lina Chowdury, sir." she says.
Naismith stands, smiles and extends his hand. "Pleased to meet you, PC Chowdury. DI Henry Naismith. How can I help?"
Lina smiles, and shakes his hand. "New case just came in, sir - the chief super asked me to deliver it to you."
"They've got PCs doing admin work now? Bloody budget cuts." Henry replies.
"Tell me about it, sir." Lina replies, placing the files on Henry's desk. "Sir." she nods respectfully as she leaves.
Henry reads through the files - the words "Vigilante Killings", "Redbridge Gangs", and "Experimental steroid usage" are visible. Henry sighs.

The scene then cuts to Connor, overlooking a group of agents - each one with the tell-tale black-veined eye sockets of genetically enhanced super-soldiers. Connor descends, and begins to wreak havoc, carving a swathe through them. Connor may not kill normal humans, but these monsters? It's not safe to let them live, he thinks.
As the fight continues, armed police arrive. They begin shooting into the melee, bullets grazing Connor's chest. He kills the last remaining Agent, and begins to run away. As he runs, Henry chases after him, pistol in hand. He scores a decent shot, hitting Connor's hamstring - if Connor were a human, that would immobilise him. But Connor keeps on running. Henry can do nothing but stare and whisper aloud "How the hell..."
As Connor makes his escape, an officer on a motorcycle tazes him. Connor recoils in agony, surprised at the pain compared to the gunshot. He fights through it, and kicks the officer in the head, breaking his helmet and knocking him out. Connor steals his motorbike and drives off, leading the cops on a chase that ends with Connor driving straight off the pier to evade them. He swims away and sneaks back home. Sparky has arrived, returning from his own scouting mission.
"Rough night." Connor comments. "How did yours go?"
"Good!" Sparky replies. "Found a place where a bunch of bad men were gathering. Heard one of them say "they'll be at the hog and hounds tomorrow at 10" - I don't know what that means but it sounded important."
"Hog and Hounds..." Connor says. "That pub was being extorted by Slater's men last I heard. Tommy says that now Slater's in prison, his gang is looking to rejoin the Patriots."
"Does that mean we're going to fight?" Sparky asks, smiling devilishly.
"Not we. Me." Connor says firmly. "I need you out tomorrow night patrolling. Tommy says there's been an increase in men spiking girl's drinks - you can smell when someone's been drugged. I need you to patrol the clubs and, if you see any men taking drugged women out of sight, maul 'em."
"Even better." Sparky replies, a glint in his eye. "And you'll be at this pub of theirs?"
"That's right." Connor says. "Last thing we need is Slater's lot making a comeback with Patriot backing - or, heaven forbid, getting their hands on those syringes."
Connor looks outside, lost in thought.
"The coppers were on my tail faster than usual - they almost caught me this time. I think they're getting lairy." Connor says.
"Is that bad?" Sparky asks.
"If they find out who we really are, very." Connor says, matter-of-factly. "I'm seeing Ivan next week - I'll see if he can pull some strings."






Next scene, Connor is on a rooftop with Sparky, overlooking the Hog and Hounds pub. A group of men wearing tell-tale neo-nazi leathers enter the pub. A number of patrons leave, scared. Connor turns to Sparky.
"So... 15 of them, total - is that right?" Connor asks.
"Yes, well done! You're getting better - it's all about trusting your first instinct." Sparky replies, smiling. "Your senses usually get it right the first time - don't overthink it."
"And... the older, fat one - he's been drinking, hasn't he?"
"Yes! He smells of it. You're getting better at sniffing things out!" Sparky says, proudly.
"Well, heightened senses have to have *some* advantages." Connor says snarkily.
"Wait 'til you sniff that nice lady Chloe's butt. You'll never be happier." Sparky says innocently.
"I... I appreciate your flirting tips, but I think I'll stick to human interactions." Connor replies, smirking.
"I'll let you know when she's in heat if you like!" Sparky replies nonchalantly.
"Yeah... I don't think humans go into heat." Connor retorts.
"Oh. You guys are *weird*!" Sparky says, head tilted.
"Frankly, at this point I think I'm as human as you are dog - that is to say, not much." Connor replies wistfully, gazing into the distance.
"Anyway, you'd better go." Connor he says, interrupting himself.
"Okay. See you at the flat!" Sparky replies, and leaps from rooftop to rooftop to begin his patrol. Connor morphs his suit up, and leaps down. It's a 2-floor jump, and he lands onto concrete - but he is unfazed. He's getting better at not fearing what would kill a human.
He enters the pub, and immediately, the men pull out knives and clubs. Connor punches the first man in the gut, winding him, before hitting another man in the chin, sending him to the ground. He grabs the third's left leg, lifts it into the air, and launches the man at the fourth. He grabs the fifth's baseball bat, knocks out the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth... as he beats the tenth, he hears a distinctive sound.
Chk-chk! BANG!
Shotgun pellets fill Connor's abdomen. He recoils in pain, slamming into the wall behind him. He raises to his feet, tries to get his bearings, and then...
BANG!
This time, the gun was aimed straight at his face. Connor's seemingly-lifeless body falls to the ground. The gunman turns to his still-conscious comrades.
"Clean up this fucking mess!" he barks. "Last thing we need is looking like a bunch of pussies when the Patriots get here!"
"Would a bunch of pussies kill that little wanker?" one of them retorts.
"Fuck that - we need to get out. The cops will have been called by now - you fucking shot him!" another chimes in.
"It was self defence. The little faggot tried to start shit, and we retaliated." the gunman snarls.
"You know, this is the wanker that's been giving the patriots trouble." the gunman says, looking at Connor's motionless body. "But you know what, cunt?" he says, leaning in. "You don't look so tough."
As he says this, Connor's eyes rip open, revealing glowing red orbs. His hand reaches straight for the gunman's throat, and without skipping a beat, he slams the man onto the ground, grabs the gun, and begins to savagely beat his head in with it. The other men scream like children and run out of there.
Eventually, once the man's head is nothing more than mush on a neck-stump, Connor comes to his senses, and his eyes stop glowing. He looks down at his hands, panting - seeing the man's brains over his gloves. He retches, then vomits, before re-morphing his mask to cover his face again. He stands up, staggering slightly, before pouring himself a pint at the bar.
As he takes his first sip, the police burst in. "For fuck's sake!" he shouts, throwing his pint on the ground before diving out of a window, as their assault rifles fill him with lead.
He sprints, he grabs onto a wall instinctively--and sticks to it.
He takes a second to process this, and then climbs up the wall like a spider, before sprinting off and making his escape.
Once he's sure he's lost the police, he looks at his suit's gloves - they morphed an adhesive substance that allowed him to scale the wall with ease. 
Thanking his suit, he returns to the flat, goes into the bathroom, approaches the mirror, and un-morphs his mask.
His face is torn and bruised, but healing. The shotgun pellets grazed right off of his skull, only tearing his flesh - and he knows his flesh heals quickly. He makes himself a high-calorie protein shake to stimulate his healing, and falls asleep on his bed.
As he sleeps, he sees visions again. Him beating the man's head in - but again, it feels like he's merely observing it. He was filled with animalistic rage... like some kind of berserker. He wakes up in a cold sweat. He heads to the bathroom, runs the cold tap, washes his face, and looks in the mirror. Only light bruising and grazing of the skin remains. He smiles slightly, and runs himself a bath. As he has his bath, he hears Sparky coming in through the window.
"I'm in here - in the bath." Connor shouts, as Sparky comes in.
"Whoa - Sparky, I'm in the bath!" Connor says, abruptly covering his groin with bubbles.
"Okay?" Sparky asks, oblivious.
"I just... I'm naked." Connor says, his face red.
"So am I?" Sparky replies, again confused.
"It's... no, that's fair." Connor relaxes.
"That reminds me - why do humans have detachable fur? And I only ever see you changing your fur in public." Sparky asks, inquisitively.
"Well, we get cold without clothes on. And, my 'fur' - it's not... Humans don't have that. I don't know what that stuff is, but..." Connor's speech trails off.
"Okay. Anyway, I've finished patrolling." Sparky says.
"How did it go?" Connor asks.
"Only 5 girls were drugged. I got the men, and, well - let's just say, they won't be going out again soon." Sparky replies.
"How badly did you maul them?" Connor asks, concerned.
"Bad enough to leave scars on the face - but they'll be fine." Sparky replies.
"Good lad." Connor says, relaxing. "Anything worse than that on normal humans could be a problem."
"How did your mission go?" Sparky asks.
"Could have been worse... I got shot in the face with a shotgun, and all it did was piss me off. But like... I lost control. I killed a man." Connor says, shuddering.
"One of the Agents?" Sparky asks.
"No, a normal human." Connor replies. "...I regret that. I mean he had it coming, but still... I don't like killing normal humans."
"Why is that?" Sparky asks, tilting his head. "I mean, you're fine when we kill the Agents."
"Well... part of it is because killing is always a bad thing, no matter what." Connor begins. "Killing is okay if the other person is a threat to your life - and normal humans aren't a threat to us. Hell, as I learned tonight, even shotgun blasts to the face can't kill us. Even having a gun is no longer justification for us to kill them - because we don't have to kill them to stop them from being a threat. But the Agents, the men like us..." Connor's face hardens. "They are fair game. They chose to be this way, not like us - and as far as we can tell, they're at the very least friends with neo-nazis, if not neo-nazis themselves. They're super-human, and can't be contained the way normal humans can. Normal people, even bad normal people, can be knocked out and locked away and no longer be a threat to anyone. The freaks with the black eyesockets? There's no way to stop them from being a threat, save killing 'em."
Sparky thinks for a moment before replying "So, killing is only okay if there's no other way to stop them from hurting people?"
"Yes, that's it." Connor says.
"But you said you lost control - clearly your instincts took over. And like I told you, your instincts are usually right. Maybe there was no other way?" Sparky asks.
"There was." Connor replies. "I could have stopped long before I killed him. But I wasn't with it. I need... I need to retain control in future."
"I get it." Sparky replies. "But... Don't feel bad, okay? You wouldn't have done it if you could."
"...I guess you're right." Connor replies, getting out of the bath. "Anyway - let's watch some movies, yeah?"
"Ooh yes! Can we watch a horror movie? They're so cool and scary!" Sparky asks, wagging his tail.
"Haha, sure - but no howling this time, the neighbours will complain." Connor says, morphing on a hoodie and shorts.
"Okay!" Sparky replies, jumping on the sofa. "Can we have popcorn?"
"Sure." Connor replies smiling, taking out a bag.


Next up, it's still night time. DI Naismith is standing in the pub in forensic overalls, while FI's take photos of the gunman's corpse. He shakes his head and steps outside. He beckons PC Chowdury, who is speaking to a paramedic.
"Any word on the unconscious vics?" Naismith asks.
"No sir," Chowdury begins. "But they'll live. Their wounds were superficial - pretty bad concussions, but no permanent injuries."
"Good - hopefully we can get statements from them once their able. And - remind me to charge them when they wake up. Victims or not, they're still all part of Slater's gang - I can bet they've got outstanding warrants." Naismith says, taking off his forensic suit.
"Yes sir." Chowdury replies. "The runaway we grabbed is currently at the station, awaiting interview."
"Excellent." Naismith says, lighting a cigarette. "Let's see if we can find the bastard that did this."
"Sir." Chowdury nods, and heads into the police car.



Next up, a young man is sat in a police interview room. His solicitor, an aged man with a sleepy demeanour, is sat next to him. DI Naismith enters, and presses the 'record button'. PC Chowdury sits next to him. She begins.
"Police Interview of Mr. Colin Nichols, in the prescence of his solicitor, Mr. William Burleigh, by Detective Inspector Naismith and Police Constable Chowdury. For the tape, please identify yourselves."
"DI Naismith." Naismith says, gruffly.
"William Burleigh." the solicitor says, slowly - like he's half-asleep.
"Uh-Colin Nichols." Colin says unsurely.
"PC Chowdury." Chordury says, surprisingly chipper. "Colin Nichols, you do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."
"I--I swear, I didn't do nothing." Colin begins.
"Let's start from the beginning." Naismith interjects. "You and your friends were at the Hog and Hounds when the incident took place. What were you doing there?"
"I, uh... we were... we were having a drink." Colin says.
"Really? Perhaps you could explain why witnesses say you and your friends told them to leave, or there'd be trouble?" Naismith replies.
"No, no... it... that was Rick. He'd been drinking. He didn't... He was a rough drunk." Colin says.
"Ah yes, 'Rick' - Richard Danes. The deceased. Did you know he was carrying a sawn-off shotgun before the incident took place?"
"N-No, no - he just..." Colin says, and freezes.
"My client strenuously denies having any prior knowledge of planned unlawful activity. He was assaulted by a masked man who murdered his friend in cold blood. Perhaps you should be looking for him, Detective?" the soliciter adds.
"Oh, believe me, I want nothing more than to catch the man who did this." Naismith replies, feigning shock at the man's words. "And to do that, I need to understand exactly why your client's friend was attacked by him."
"He--he was a fucking animal!" Colin sputters out.
"Oh?" Naismith asks.
"Yeah, he... That guy, I've never seen someone do that... He came in, knocking men out like it was a game. We didn't stand a chance." Colin sobs.
"But you were unharmed. Why is that?" Naismith asks.
"My client has been through a clearly traumatic incident. Are you making an insinuation?" the solicitor asks, his face reddening slightly.
"Not at all." Naismith says, leaning back. "I merely wish to understand the events that took place."
"He... I was round the corner. God... god knows what he would have done if Rick hadn't shot him." Colin says.
"And what happened when Rick shot him?" Naismith leans in.
"He... he hit the wall. But he landed on his feet. He stumbled. And then Rick shot him in the face." Colin says, trembling.
"Then where was his body? And who-or what, killed Rick?"
"He did!" Colin shouts. "He got back up, and his eyes... Oh God, his eyes! He was the devil himself! The fucking devil!" Colin is now screaming.
"It's alright, take your time Colin." Chowdury interjects, her voice full of motherly concern.
"Shut the fuck up, you paki!" Colin shouts. Chowdury pulls her head back. "That monster - he beat Rick's skull in! And you're asking me this bullshit!"
"Enough!" Naismith shouts, silencing Colin. "First, you will not use that kind of fucking language against my colleagues. Second - I am asking you these questions because you are a wanted criminal in connection with several robberies, who witnessed a murder. Colin Nichols, you have not said anything this evening that has affected your charges, and therefore, I will hand you back over to Theft who will interview and charge you with these offences." Naismith stands.
"Wait!" Colin says. Naismith smiles - his gambit paid off. "I'm telling you the truth. You don't believe me? When I was running, I saw you lot shoot at him - and he still ran away. How did he do that? You're telling me not one of your bullets hit?"
Naismith sits back down. "I'm listening."
"That thing... he was more than human. I've heard rumours - men who take this new drug, some steroids or something - and become strong enough to break a man's skull in one hand. This guy... he was like that, but 100 times worse. Slater... He was meeting some guys who'd taken it when he got nicked. Those guys got killed by this psycho, yeah? Look at their bodies - please." Colin explains.
"Thank you for your cooperation - interview terminated." Naismith replies. Chowdury turns off the recording.
"Does this mean I get to go?" Colin asks, hopeful.
"Absolutely not." Naismith says, leaving abruptly with Chowdury. They both head to the office.
"...Sorry you had to go through that." Naismith starts.
"Hm? Oh, you mean what he called me." Chowdury says, with only a slight change in her cheerful demeanour. "It's okay... I'm used to it, sir."
"It's not." Naismith says. "This country... racist idiots like that make up half the government."
"And that whole spiel about superhumans - what a load of rubbish!" Chowdury adds.
"Well..." Naismith says. "This man definitely isn't normal."
"Sir?" she asks.
"When we were after him at Swanny's, I shot him in the hamstring. Everyone says I missed, but I'm sure I got him - he reacted. He slowed down, stumbled a bit, but... he kept on running." Naismith shudders. "I don't know of any steroids that could do that. Do you?"
"No, sir... It sounds way above my pay grade." she replies.
"Maybe we need outside help." Naismith says, stroking his chin. "I'll talk to the super tomorrow morning. You'd better get off."
"Very good, sir." Chowdury nods. "See you tomorrow."
"Night." Naismith says, staring at his computer screen.







Next up, we see Connor sprinting across some rooftops in the evening. He jumps from roof to roof, covering entire streets in short order. He lands, and looks up. He sees the repair shop he used to work at, before his new life took over. It's closed until Wednesday - staff shortages. He heads inside, the key code still working. He goes into the break room, makes himself a coffee, and takes a moment to relax.
"Normality." he sighs. He puts his mug in the dishwasher. He looks up at the board, and sees a photo of him and Tre, taken when they first repaired a car together. Though it was less than a year ago, they both look younger. Connor smiles, and says aloud "I'll call you soon, bro." He heads outside, and begins to go for a jog. He returns home, to find Sparky chewing on a bone.
"Hey bud - wanna go for a late-night run?" He asks.
"Ooh, yes please!" Sparky replies. The two head back out, and begin to run through the city.
While out, Connor runs into Missy and Tre, who are waiting in line to get into the Singing Horse, the nightclub where Tommy works.
"Connor! Over here!" Missy shouts.
Connor approaches with Sparky.
"Where have you been?!" she asks, her voice a mix of angry and concerned that dissapears as soon as she sees Sparky. "Oh. My. GOD!! When did you get a dog?!" she says, beaming.
"Is that where you've been?!" Tre asks, before stroking Sparky's chin. "Who's a good boy? Whosagoodboyyy?! You are!" he says in a baby voice.
"Haha. I like you, human. You're funny." Sparky says, smiling.
"I'm sorry guys... I've been meaning to call, but yeah, busy busy. Working with Tommy - you know how it is." Connor says, shifting his weight uncomfortably.
"You're getting mixed up in that again? After what happened..." Missy asks, her voice full of nothing but concern this time.
"It's different. I'll... I'm not going to make that mistake again." Connor says, the image of Vince's arrest flooding his mind.
"You be careful, bro..." Tre says. With that, the group approaches the bouncer, Pawel.
"Hey, my best friends! How are you?!" He says, happily. Missy reaches for her ID, but Pawel raises his hand. "Missy, you drink here every weekend. I not need to check your ID!" he laughs. He sees Sparky. "Oooh, hello little fella! Sorry, no dogs allowed."
Sparky looks up at Connor cheekily, and then lets out a distraught howl. Connor plays along. "I'm sorry buddy, no dogs allowed." Sparky howls again, like a dog that found it's master dead... or a dog who's master has left for work. Either way, the sorrow is palpable. "No, please don't cry, it's okay, I'm sorry..."
"Okay, okay, fine!" Pawel says, looking deeply saddened. "You can bring in the doggie. You work for Tommy anyway - I'm sure he won't mind." He reaches for his radio. "Be aware, there is a dog in the club - don't throw him out." He puts down his radio. "Go on in."
As soon as they get out of Pawel's earshot, Connor flicks a treat out for Sparky, and says "Good boy." as Sparky smiles devilishly. Tre and Missy burst out laughing.
As the group sit at their booth, Missy brings a tray of shots. And another... and then pitchers of cocktails. Over the course of the next hour, they catch up.
"So, he just left?" Connor asks.
"Yeah, fuck Jake man. He acts like a dickhead, gets treated like a dickhead, and then whinges." Tre replies, slurping his straw.
Connor sips at his glass. "Mental." he says.
"Oh, guess what?" Missy says.
"The sun's going to explode soon and end our eternal torment?" Connor asks.
"I wish. No, it's Anna. Her fuckin' auntie again. Saying she can't hang out with me because I'm 'dangerous'. What the fuck does that even mean?" Missy replies.
"Fuck, even Auntie Zhou's gaydar is working." Tre says cheekily.
"Shut up, dick." Missy says, smacking his arm. Tre chuckles, clearly feeling tipsy.
"Anna's an adult. Surely she can see whoever she likes?" Connor says, still sober.
"You'd think. But she is terrified of that woman. I keep telling her, if she moves in with me, she doesn't have to worry, but she's all like 'no, I can't, my family will hate me.' I hate it, she can't just stand up to them." Missy says dejectedly.
"Well, we can't all have supportive social circles. I don't know about you, but when we went round hers in college, her aunt seemed really strict. Like, Anna would panic every time she heard her aunt come up the stairs. It's rough." Connor says, sipping his drink.
"It's fucking sad, is what it is." Missy says, staring off into the distance. "Oh yeah, I invited some friends out by the way - met them on a night out a month or so ago."
"Oh yeah? What friends?" Tre asks.
"Just some girls I met in the Monk's smoking area. Chloe and Bea." Missy says.
"Wait. Bea, the mixed-race girl with vitiligo?" Tre asks.
"And Chloe, the girl with glasses and black hair?" Connor asks.
"Uh, yeah... you guys know them?" Missy asks.
"Yeah! They were there when Anna got shit off of Slater." Tre replies.
"What did Slater do?" Connor asks, his tone betraying a hint of seriousness.
"Harrassed her. Gave the pair of them some shit as well - not like Slater wouldn't be a piece of shit to a mixed race girl, but he was mouthing off about Chloe being disabled too." Tre replies, clearly disgusted with Slater.
"Fuck. I didn't even know." Missy says. "Why wouldn't Anna tell me?"
"Maybe she didn't want you to worry." Connor replies, pissed off with Slater. 'I never should have let him live', Connor thinks, before banishing the thought.
With that, Chloe and Bea arrive.
"Hey, oh my god hi!!" Missy says, rising and hugging both.
"Heya! Oh, Tre? And, you must be..." Bea begins, before Chloe cuts her off.
"Hey Connor! This is Connor, Bea, you haven't met Connor, have you?" she says hurridly, but too late - it's clear to everyone that Chloe's been talking about Connor. Everyone, that is - except Connor. Never was the best at reading people. To be fair, Sparky didn't pick up on it either.
"Oh no way, hey Sparky!" Chloe says, noticing him on the floor.
"Hi! Hello Chloe! I missed you!" Sparky says.
"Aww, I love it when he chats! He sounds so expressive." Chloe says, only hearing the barks.
"Aww, I love him! He's adorable! I didn't know they let dogs in here!" Bea says, holding her hand out for Sparky to sniff.
"They do now." Missy says, smirking. Sparky sniffs Bea's hand and smiles.
"You smell like berries! Have you eaten berries?" Sparky asks, enjoying the scent of her perfume.
Tre returns to the table, having snuck away.
"I hope you ladies are thirsty, because IT'S TIME FOR SHOTS!" he shouts.
The group begins drinking heavily, until the house lights come on. The only one unaffected is Connor - everyone else is drunk.

"I don't... I don't know how you do it." Missy slurs.
"He's always been such a dick on a night out..." Tre says.
"You're worse than this bitch..." Bea mumbles, pointing at Chloe.
"Hey... I actually got drunk tonight." Chloe laughs. She says this, but she's the most sober of them all.
Connor laughs, and the group leave the bar. Tre and Bea both get into taxis home, but Chloe turns to Connor.
"Hey, the cold air sobers me up - I'm gonna walk back to my place." she says.
"Can I walk with you? It's not really safe at night." Connor says.
"I was aiming for that." Chloe replies, winking. They walk back to her university apartment block.
"Wanna come up for a bit?" she asks.
"Yeah, sure!" Connor replies. They enter her apartment.
"Whoa..." Connor says aloud, seeing the lavish apartment.
"Oh?" Chloe asks.
"Sorry, nothing... just, your flat is really nice." he says.
"Oh, this place? It's... yeah, I suppose it is." she says. "I kept telling my father I would be fine with a normal student flat, but he insisted we get the posh place instead."
"Well, it's nice." Connor says, smiling. "It's good that your dad wants the best for you. My uncle was very much the same - he'd move heaven and Earth if it made my life a little nicer."
"Hm, I suppose you're right." she replies. "Anyway, I'm wayyy too sober right now - you like whiskey, don't you?" she says, opening up a cupboard full of alcohol.
"Hah, that I do." he chuckles. The pair sit down on the sofa and begin drinking.
"Okay, let's play a game. It's called 'two truths and a lie'. I'll say 3 things, only one of them is false. You've gotta figure out which one's false." Chloe says, smiling.
"Haha, okay, go for it. I'll warn you, I'm very good at picking out liars." Connor says, smirking.
"We'll see." she replies, raising an eyebrow and smirking back. "Okay. I won the polo competition at my school, I've travelled to every continent bar Antarctica, and I'm type-1 diabetic."
Connor thinks for a moment. "Wait, aren't polos a mint?"
Chloe bursts out laughing. "It's an equestrian sport."
"Oh, right..." Connor says, bashfully. He breathes in deep through his nose. "Okay, well... I'm still going to say the polo one is the lie."
Chloe blinks, surprised. "Really? What makes you say that?"
"Well, there's a good chance you're well travelled, your bag has a very, very faint smell of insulin coming from it, and, well, my school didn't have 'polo' so I reckon it's a lie." Connor replies.
Chloe thinks for a moment. "My bag smells of insulin?"
"Not strongly. My nose is very sensitive anyway, and one of my foster carers was diabetic - it's a distinctive smell, if you know what it smells like."
"Hm." Chloe replies, deep in thought. "Well, you were right - I never did polo." She chuckles.
"If it makes you feel better, neither did I. Pretty sure I've had Polio, though." he replies. They both laugh at his pun.
"Okay, your turn. Two truths and a lie. Make it a good one!" she says.
"Hmm, okay..." Connor thinks for a moment. "Alright. I grew up in Ireland, I've never left the UK, and I ride a moped."
"Oooh..." Chloe thinks aloud. She smirks, then says "You've never even touched a moped."
Connor smirks. "What makes you say that?"
"Well, your accent is kind of Irish - in the club you shouted 'Who does that?' as 'HAOO DUS THA?!' and it sounded *extremely* Irish, so I'm guessing you just hide the accent. And you mentioned that I'm probably well-traveled, in contrast to yourself - so that just left the moped, really." she says, awaiting his reply.
"Hah... I don't think I sound that Irish." he smirks. "And yeah - I've ridden mopeds before, but I definitely don't ride one *now*."
"What was it like? Growing up in Ireland, I mean - not riding a moped." she smiles.
"Hah - it was... well, I grew up in Derry. I was 5 or 6 when the riots happened." he says, staring off into the distance.
"Oh god, it's okay, you don't have to..." she says, concerned.
"It's okay. I was only little - as a kid, you think the whole world revolves around you. I mean to an extent, it does, doesn't it? Everyone waits on you, feeds you, clothes you, wants to care for you... well, not everyone." The stern image of his grandfather's belt jolts into the forefront of his mind. He banishes the thought and continues. "So, when you see the bombs dropping on your homes, the soldiers gunning down every Catholic in the Bogside, the Proddies throwing firebombs through your window... you can only think, 'wow. it must be my fault. I'm such a bad kid'." Connor looks over at Chloe, who now has tears in her eyes. He smiles, trying to reassure her. "It's all in the distant past now. For me, that is. One day, Ireland will be free. But that won't undo what happened. But... I'm alive. And I think I owe it to the ones who aren't, the other kids... I owe it to them to live my life as well as I can."
"I'm so sorry... I wish I could hug you right now, but I know you don't like hugs." Chloe says, tears streaming down her face.
"It's okay... I'll take a hug." Connor says, smiling. They embrace, and continue drinking.
"What was it like for you, growing up?" Connor asks, pouring himself another drink.
"Hm. I mean, I can't complain really. We always had everything we needed. I'm the youngest of two, my older brother Victor was always my mum's favourite, whereas I think my dad always took more of a shine to me." she smiles, fondly remembering her father. "My mum's from America, and she's obsessed with fitting in with the aristocracy - I think she's got a bit of a complex about not being 'well-bred' - personally I'm glad my parents aren't related, but to each their own." she chuckles. "It wasn't easy, growing up with her. I mean, I'm not trying to get sympathy points, especially not considering what you were saying... but, she wasn't happy with me being disabled." Chloe says wistfully.
"You don't have to say, but what disabilities do you have?" Connor asks, tactfully.
"I mean the obvious one is my eyes - I have esotropia; basically, my eyes point inwards which limits my vision. Blind as a bat without these." she says, pointing to her glasses. "I'm also partially deaf - I wear hearing aids and it sorts it, but still-" she brushes her hair back to reveal her hearing aids. "And as you correctly figured out, I'm type-1 diabetic, and also, I'm epileptic - as if the rest wasn't enough."
Connor nods his head slightly, trying to look comforting. "Thank you for telling me... are they linked at all, or is it just all at once?"
"I think there were some issues with my fetal development." Chloe says. "Not sure what - but I think mum was doing all sorts while at fancy board meetings in posh nightclubs, while carrying me. Sniffing coke, drinking god-knows-what. Hah, my dad once got a DNA test done just to prove I'm his. She... She's a real piece of work." The disdain Chloe has for her mother is palpable.
"That sucks." Connor replies. "So for all we know she could have caused these disabilities, and, what, she acted like it was your fault?"
"Yes, exactly!" Chloe responds. "God, she was awful. She only let me come to church as a kid because she's a hardcore evangelical. If she had her way, I'd be locked away in the attic 24/7."
"She didn't actually lock you away, did she?!" Connor asks, shocked.
"No, no - sorry, figure of speech. But she may as well have." Chloe says, sipping her drink.
The evening gets late, the conversation turns, and Chloe is drunker than before now.
She turns to Connor, and looks at him with a new look - one of desire.
"Hey..." she says, softly. "Do you... do you wanna spend the night with me?" Her head is swaying ever-so-slightly, betraying her level of intoxication.
"Oh, I..." Connor begins. "I'm sorry, I mean, you're..."
"What's wrong?" Chloe asks. "No... it's okay. I'm sorry..." she says, swaying a little more.
"No no, it's nothing, it's just, you're drunk is all." Connor says.
"I shouldn't... I shouldn't have said that..." Chloe says, swaying more still.
"Chloe?" Connor asks, concerned.
"I just need, need to..." Chloe says, and her head sways more. She retches, and throws up over Connor.
"I need to be sick..." she says, retching again. Connor rushes her to the toilet, holding her hair out of the way. Once she finishes vomiting, he helps her to her bed, tucks her in, and sits with her for a moment.
"Thank you... I feel better now... You're such a good friend..." she says, still slurring her words.
"Haha, no worries... You sure you'll be okay tonight?" he responds.
"Yeah, I'll be okay... just haven't drank that much in a while." she replies.
"Okay then... call me if you need to, okay?" he says, his voice betraying his concern.
"I will do... see you soon! Get home safe! Bye, Sparky!" she says, happily falling asleep.
"Haha. Goodnight..." Connor says, and he and Sparky leave, returning to their flat.





Next up, we cut to Missy and Anna sitting on a park bench, feeding ducks.
Missy turns to Anna.
"This is really nice. I love spending time with you." she says, smiling.
"Yeah... I love spending time with you too." Anna says, somewhat distant.
"Are you okay? You sound... I dunno, distracted." Missy asks, concerned.
"I'm fine... just... tired is all." Anna says, unconvincingly.
"Anna, baby... you don't have to hide from me." Missy says, putting her hand on Anna's shoulder, but Anna looks away.
"It's just my auntie." she says, sadly.
"What's she done now?" Missy asks.
"She keeps being really homophobic in front of me. She's not saying it to my face, but I know she's doing it to piss me off." Anna replies, angrily.
"That's fucked... What are your cousins saying?" Missy asks.
"Nothing. They don't even know I'm gay, so it's fine..." Anna says.
"It's not fine. You shouldn't have to hide who you are." Missy says, but Anna interrupts.
"But I do. You don't get it! You've always had such a great support network!" she snaps.
"No, not always." Missy says, her voice hardening slightly. "You know what I went through in foster care."
"You know what I mean!" Anna snaps. "Your brother knows you're gay, and he couldn't give a shit! My auntie finds out, and she makes my life hell!"
"Then leave!" Missy shouts. "Come and stay with me!"
"Why are you so obsessed with making me leave my family?!" Anna shouts back.
"I'm not! I just... I'm sick of seeing you hide yourself like this." Missy says, tears in her eyes.
"You're sick of me, huh?" Anna says, crying and angry.
"No! That's not what I meant!" Missy says, tears streaming down her cheeks.
"Well if you're so sick of me, then I'll spare you the trouble!" Anna says, storming off.
"Anna! Wait! Please come back!" Missy sobs.






Next up, we cut to Connor, Tre, Bea, Chloe, and Sparky all round Missy's flat. Missy is wrapped up in a blanket eating a tub of ice cream, Sparky is curled up in her lap looking up at her softly, Bea has Missy's head resting on her shoulder, and Connor, Tre, and Chloe are sat on the sofa around them.
"Why would she do this..." Missy sobs.
"It sounds like her aunt's pushing her to breaking point." Connor says.
"I've had to deal with homophobic relatives, and I didn't take it out on the people I love." Tre says, folding his arms.
"It's different. You never had to live with them - your dad's actually sound." Connor replies.
"Yeah... I guess." Tre replies.
"I just don't know... who would be so self-destructive?" Missy says, sobbing again.
"The kind of person who doesn't think they deserve love." Chloe says.
"I'm so sorry, honey." Bea says, stroking Missy's shoulder.
"You'll be okay." Sparky says.
"Haha, thanks Sparky." Missy says, only hearing the playful growls.
"Heh, it's like he's saying you'll be okay." Tre says, smiling.
"Haha, yeah, if only." Connor says, hiding his knowledge of Sparky's true nature.
"Wait, can that one hear me?" Sparky asks. Connor shakes his head subtly.
The group watch movies for a while. Once it gets late, Connor offers to drive everyone home. Bea volunteers to stay with Missy. Connor drops Tre off first, and then he parks up outside Chloe's block of flats.
"So... this is me." Chloe says, unsure.
"Yeah... thanks for being there for Missy today. It means a lot." Connor says.
"Honestly, I had no idea you guys were siblings. Or, foster-siblings. But then, you are both so alike, aha." Chloe says.
"Yeah, heh - you can blame my uncle for that." Connor smiles.
"Hah. Hey, about last night... I don't remember much after we started having whiskey neat... what happened?" Chloe asks, nervously.
"Oh, well we drank until about 5am, and then you started being sick, so I held your hair back and got you into your bed." Connor says, nonchalantly.
"Oh god, I'm sorry - I didn't embarrass myself too much, did I?" Chloe asks.
Connor pauses for a moment. Do I tell her? he thinks.
"Well, you did offer for me to stay the night - I didn't, you were too drunk, and you started spewing straight after anyway." Connor says.
"Oh god... I'm so, so sorry... I... wow, I must have been really drunk, and we were talking, and I got emotional, and..." she stutters.
"it's okay." Connor smiles. "We did talk about some rather heavy stuff - it's only natural."
"Hah, well, thanks for not taking advantage." Chloe says.
"Don't thank me for that." Connor replies. "One of the worst things about this society is that a man not taking advantage of a woman is somehow commendable."
"Well said." Chloe says, proudly. "Well then... thank you for not wanting to be thanked."
"That I can take." Connor says, smirking.
"I'll see you soon, yeah?" Chloe asks.
"Yes, definitely - we'll go for another dog walk." Connor says, smiling.
"Great." Chloe says, smiling. "See you soon."




Next up, Connor and Sparky are in their flat. Sparky is asleep, and twitching and crying in his sleep.
"Hey, Sparky?" Connor asks.
"Sparky, wake up!" he says, louder.
"Buddy, it's okay! You're just dreaming! Come on, wake up--" as Connor shakes Sparky, Sparky bolts up.
"NO! NONONO!! YOU WON'T HURT ME! YOU WON'T DO THAT AGAIN!!" Sparky barks, gnashing his teeth.
"Sparky, it's me!! It's Connor!!!" Connor shouts, to no avail.
"NO! I WON'T LET YOU!!" Sparky howls, and lunges for Connor. He bites Connor's wrist and clamps down. Connor shouts in pain, and Sparky realises what he's done. He jumps down and whimpers.
"Connor, I'm sorry, I'm so..." he says.
Connor raises his fist at Sparky in rage, causing Sparky to flich and whimper. Seeing this, Connor relents.
"Sit in that fucking dog bed and don't move until I come back." Connor commands. Sparky sadly crawls over to his bed.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to, I'm sorry..." he sobs.
"I'm going on a mission. I will see you when I return. Do not move an inch from that bed. You hear me?!" Connor growls.
"Yes, Connor, I hear you. I won't move an inch. I'm sorry, I'm sorry..." Sparky cries.
Connor hesitates, then leaves.


Next up, Connor in costume is infiltrating a depot. He sneaks up behind guards, choking them into unconsciousness, before heading into the centre.
There, he sees a Super-Agent. The two engage in a duel. The agent has the edge in tactics, but Connor is so much stronger that it matters little. The fight is brutal - Connor opens with a haymaker that the agent barely dodges, the Agent shoots Connor in the leg before Connor can disarm him, Connor grabs a nearby plank of wood and breaks it over the agent's head, etc - come the end, both are panting, and Connor executes him by grabbing a crowbar from a nearby pallet and impaling the agent through the neck. Connor begins to walk away, but as he is leaving, the dying agent pulls out a device - a detonator. He pulls the trigger, and the whole depot erupts in shockwaves.
Connor wakes up moment later, with an agonising ringing in his ears. He is rattled, but alive, but... Rubble has buried his hand, the one Sparky bit. Try as he might, Connor cannot shift it. The realisation dawns on him. He can hear the sirens coming - he needs to be quick. He morphs a knife out of his suit, and, using his free hand, begins...
Squelch.
Shk.
Chh-shk.
Squelch again.
Shk-shk.
SNAP.

Since becoming what he is now, Connor has known pain. Agony, even.
He has never known pain like this.
The world slows down to a standstill. If normal pain can sharpen a mind - what can this pain do?
Connor leaves the bombsite, able to evade the police before they even realise he was there.
He stumbles back to the flat, morphing a bandage over the wound where his hand was. He stumbles in, and collapses.
"DAD!" Sparky shouts. "CAN I MOVE NOW?! PLEASE LET ME MOVE!"
"Sparky... You... you stayed there... this whole time?" Connor says, his voice breaking.
"You told me to! I'm sorry! Please let me move! Are you okay?!" Sparky begs
"I'm fine, yes come on..." Connor groans. Sparky bolts towards him. "Have you been toilet?"
"No, I didn't move an inch." Sparky says.
"Fuck, I'm sorry... Come on, let's get you out..." Connor mumbles.

As the two sit on the balcony, while Sparky does his business in the corner, Connor smokes a cigarrette. It's harder to light with one hand, but he manages.
"What... What happened? Was that me?" Sparky asks, nervously.
"Huh? Oh, no no! It's okay. If anything, that helped." Connor says, chuckling. "There was an explosion. My hand got stuck. I... had no choice."
"What happens now?" Sparky asks.
"Now? Now we see if I can grow back limbs." Connor chuckles and coughs. "If I can't... we may need to rethink our operation."
Connor looks at the stump. "It was stupid. If I'd let the police and firefighters arrive, I'd still have my hand. I acted rashly." Connor sighs. "I'm sorry, buddy. I was angry. I shouldn't have been."
"You should have been." Sparky interjects. "I did wrong."
"You didn't know. If that was wrong, then me bashing that gunman's head in was worse." Connor replies.
Sparky thinks for a moment. "It won't happen again."
"If it does, it's okay." Connor says. "I trust you. No matter what. We're family."
Sparky smiles slightly. "Family." he says.

The scene then cuts to the aftermath of the explosion. Naismith is overlooking the smouldering ruins. Chowdury approaches him.
"Good news, sir. We were able to shift the wreckage. We've recoverd the hand." she says.
"In what condition?" Naismith asks.
"Pristine." she replies. "it's missing a lot of bone, but the FIs should be able to get prints and DNA off of it."
"Well then." Naismith smiles. "Let's get to work."





Next up, we start with DI Naismith and PC Chowdury in the office of Chief Superintendent Ronald Dorsey.
"DNA analysis on the hand has come back, sir. It's... engimatic, to say the least." Naismith opens.
"What do you mean, Naismith?" Dorsey asks.
"Well, sir... according to the FIs..." Naismith begins.
"Spit it out, man!" Dorsey interrupts.
"Yes, sir. According to the FI Report, the DNA on the hand contained 1,397 chromosomes - 408 pairs, and 581 unpaired. I should note, humans only have 46 chromosomes of 23 pairs." Naismith explains.
"What?! There must be some mistake." Dorsey replies.
"No mistake, sir." Chowdury interjects. "Pardon me, sir. The FIs checked their results and checked again."
"So what, this vigilante is some kind of alien? Is that what you're telling me, Naismith?" Dorsey asks, incredulously.
"No, sir. What I suspect is that we're dealing with a man who knows how to cover his tracks. My suspicion is that the chromosomes were fabricated, or harvested from other animals or plants. The hand... must be a decoy. Injected with some kind of genetic modification technology to throw us off the scent." Naismith states.
"This is... quite the development, Naismith." Dorsey says.
"If I may, sir..." Naismith begins. "This is way beyond our capabilities. I think we need outside assistance."
"I know just who to call." Dorsey says. "And, pair of you... treat this as top secret information. No one outside this room learns of this. Give me the names of those FIs."
"Sir." Chowdury and Naismith nod. They leave.
Dorsey makes a phone call.
"Captain. I fear the investigation has found something sensitive."
A pause.
"Captain, with respect, I am trying to keep a lid on things, but I--"
Shouting can be heard from the phone.
"Yes, Captain. I will call Throgmorton immediately. Do not worry, I will not fail. No one will know about Progeny."
Dorsey makes another phone call.
"Good evening Louis, Ronald here. Could you do me a favour?"
A pause.
"Ah yes, the code word, my apologies. Sieg Heil."




The next scene begins with Connor waking up in the early evening. He yawns, stretches, and looks at his hand. It has fully regrown. He looks at his watch.
"24 hours. Good to know." he says.
He wakes up Sparky.
"Hey bud, wanna go for a run?"
"Ooh, yes yes!" Sparky says. He's cheered up a little.
The two head out. They run for miles and miles, before looping back round through Redbridge over to Belson - the industrial district.
While running, Connor feels his phone vibrate. He takes it out, and sees Chloe is calling him. He answers without delay.
"Hey! How's it going?" he asks.
"Heya! Yeah not bad thanks! Just finished the day at my work placement." Chloe replies, cheerfully.
"Oh wow, how'd it go?" Connor asks.
"Good thanks! Later than usual finish today - we're so busy! Apparently, there's this new drug on the streets that the police want us to investigate - not sure why! Still, it's good work experience. I'm just walking home now. Are you out?" she asks.
"Oh, yeah - I think I heard rumours about that." Connor says evasively. "Yeah, I'm out for a jog with Sparky."
"Aww, say hi to Sparky for me! Would be great to see you guys agai--excuse me? Sorry, what? Wait! Hey, give me my phone back! Ahh!" Chloe begins, before being cut off.
"Chloe? Chloe?! FUCK!" Connor shouts. "Sparky!"
"What's wrong?" Sparky asks, dashing back to Connor.
"Chloe's being attacked - she works at... ahh what was it called?! Froggy... Throgmorton Genetics! That's in Belson - we're close by! Let's go!"
The two sprint at full speed - fast enough that when Connor turns the corner to head down the street, he has to skid and catch himself to retain his momentum. They spot the alleyway where Chloe is with two men - Connor motions for Sparky to jump up and go around while he takes the front.
Connor stands menacingly, staring at the man close to him. The man swings with a metal bat, but Connor grabs it and pummels the man in the chest, before bringing the bat down on his head, knocking him out cold. As he turns to face Chloe, the second man grabs her and puts a knife to her throat.
"Don't move, or the bitch gets it." he says.
"Connor!" Chloe sobs. Her glasses are broken, her jacket torn... and her shirt ripped open, exposing her bra. The implications of what these men planned to do is obvious. Chloe struggles to break free, kicking the man's leg.
"Ow! Stop squirming, bitch!" he shouts.
"Let me go, right now - you saw how easily he knocked out your mate, you think if you hurt me he won't do the same?" Chloe says, choking back tears.
Connor freezes. He puts his hands up slowly. "Listen. I'm no threat to you right now. But the moment you hurt her, you lose all leverage. At that point, nothing stops me from taking that knife and slitting your throat. Now LET HER GO," he says, his voice booming those three words, "and I'll let you leave."
The man laughs. "Fucking wasteman! You think you're such a hard-nut, don't ya! Let this be a lesson to all of you faggots in Redbridge! Yeah that's right, I know who you are! I was just planning on robbin' and rapin' this rich whore, but now I get to get my own back on you fuckers! What do you say to that?!"
Connor's face hardens. If looks could kill, his would be genocidal. He looks, right behind the man. Two yellow orbs - no. Eyes. Wolfdog eyes. 
"I say... Sparky. Blind him." Connor snarls.
With that, Sparky grabs the man's arm with his mouth, and rips it away from Chloe's throat. She runs towards Connor, who catches and embraces her. Sparky throws the man to the ground, breaking his arm and taking off the skin. His paws do the work. The man screams in a blood-curdling way... and the last thing he'll have seen for the rest of his sorry existance was a snarling, pissed-off wolfdog.
"Are you okay?!" Connor asks, looking into Chloe's eyes.
"I'm... oh god, I was so scared..." she sobs. Connor holds her close to him.
"Let's get you home. I'll get you a taxi, and we'll take you home." he says softly.
"Thank you... Thank you so much..." she whimpers.
Connor takes off his hoodie and hands it to her. She thanks him and puts it on. They hail her a cab. The cabbie says no dogs, so Connor prepares to leave Sparky - but Chloe, unaware of Sparky's sapience, refuses to leave him behind.
"It's okay, we can walk. I'd feel safe enough walking with you both there." she says.
"My place is close by - we can drop Sparky off there and get a taxi the rest of the way." Connor replies.
"No, I wanna make sure she's okay!" Sparky protests, but Connor motions silently to reassure him. Chloe leans down and stroked his ears.
"I'm okay buddy... thanks for saving me from that scary man!" she hugs him.
"If anyone hurts you, I'll more than blind them." Sparky says.
"Bless him... I wonder what he's trying to say?" Chloe asks, unable to hear anything beyond barks and growls.
"If I had to hazard a guess," Connor begins, "it's that he'll always protect you." Connor winks at Sparky, who nods, appreciating the translation.
They make it back to Connor's block of flats. They stand outside the block for a moment, before Chloe pulls Connor in for a hug. While he at first is unsure, he puts his arms around her.
"I'm sorry." she sobs. "I know you don't like hugs."
"It's okay." Connor says comfortingly. "I don't dislike them - I just never know where to put my arms."
They both chuckle.
"Hey, um..." Chloe looks down shyly. "Tell me no if you don't want to, but... would you mind if I stayed round yours tonight? I'd feel so much safer with you both there."
"Oh, I mean--absolutely. It's not... It's not the nicest of places, but if you wanna stay, you're more than welcome."
"Thank you..." Chloe says. They head into Connor's flat.
As he goes to turn the light on, he says "I should warn you, it's a bit of a tip - I haven't had a lot of time on my hands lately..." he says, embarrassed.
Chloe smiles. "It's fine - I'm the last person who can criticise hectic timetables." she chuckles.
"So, I don't have a proper bed, just this sofa bed - you can take that, I'll make myself comfy on the floor." Connor says, but Chloe interjects.
"No no, I won't make you sleep on the floor in your own home!" she says.
"It's okay, really - I'll just steal Sparky's dog bed." Connor says, smirking.
"I never use that bed anyway - we just cuddle on the sofa." Sparky says.
"Ooh, I don't think he likes that idea!" laughs Chloe, only hearing grunts and growls from Sparky.
"It's okay, Connor - this sofa's big enough." she says, reassuringly.
"You sure?" Connor asks, concerned.
"Yes, absolutely." she replies.
The two get comfy on the sofa. Sparky lays on their legs.
Chloe rests her head on Connor's chest. He gently strokes her shoulder.
"Thank you... thank you so much." she says.
"It's nothing... I just... I'm so sorry that happened to you." Connor says.
"You saved me... how did you get to me so quickly?" she asks.
"I was in Belson anyway... and we weren't far from Throgmorton." Connor replies. "I figured you'd be close by, so I just sprinted there."
"But you were there almost right away? And you weren't even panting when you got there..." says Chloe, confused.
"...I guess I was really scared. Scared about what could happen to you. So I ran as fast as I could. Maybe it's like those stories of people lifting cars off of babies?" he replies.
"Yeah, maybe..." she says.
"Where did you learn to fight like that?" she asks.
"From my uncle. He taught me and Missy, and Tre as well, how to fight. He used to teach Brazilian Jiu-Jutsu and Muay Thai." Connor replies, fondly.
"Whoa. From what you've said, your uncle sounds like a legend." she replies.
"He is..." Connor says, sadly. "He's, uh... he's in prison at the moment. Armed robbery and drug dealing. But it was my fault. I..." Connor trails off.
"It's okay." Chloe says, comfortingly. "We don't have to talk about it."
"Thanks..." Connor says, relieved.
"I wish I could fight like that. I was useless back there." Chloe says.
"Not at all. You pointed out that if he didn't let you go, he was signing his own death warrant. Doing anything more than that could have got you killed." Connor replies.
"Still. I froze back there... I hate that I froze." she says.
"You know, people think there's just fight-or-flight." Connor says. "But it's not. It's fight, flight, or freeze. And, freezing was the best way to keep you alive. A wise friend once told me, "trust your first instinct. Your senses usually get it right the first time - don't overthink it."." As Connor says this, Sparky looks at him with pride. "If you could have flown, you would have done that. And if you could have fought, you would have done that."
Connor pauses.
"Do you want to learn how to fight?" Connor asks.
"Me? I mean, it'd be great... Would you... would you be up for teaching me?" she asks.
"Absolutely! We can do sparring sessions, either one-on-one or we get Tre and Missy down too. We'll make a boxer out of you yet." Connor smiles.
"Hah. Yeah, I'd really like that." Chloe smiles.
"Sorry if the sofa's not too comfy, by the way. I've been meaning to dump it, but just don't have the space for a bed." Connor says, shyly.
"Don't be silly. It's absolutely fine." she replies, smiling.
"Well, it's no king-sized bed with silk sheets." Connor says cheekily.
"It'll do just fine." Chloe replies, smirking.
With that, the three fall asleep.



Next up, the three wake up to a knock at the door.
"Oh... who's that?" Chloe asks.
"No idea..." Connor says, cautiously. He approaches the door slowly, and looks through the eyehole. He sees two police officers.
"Shit... cops." Connor says. He opens the door. "Hello?"
The first officer steps through. "Good morning, sir, sorry to disturb you. PC Lina Chowdury. This is my colleague, PC Jason Deer." Jason nods. "Sir."
"Uh, hi... how can I help you, officers?" Connor asks, unsure.
"We've had a report of a dangerous dog attacking a young man." Chowdury says. "The victim alleges you and your dog assaulted them, including mauling one so bad his eyes were destroyed."
"What?" Chloe says. "They've reported you?"
"Chloe..." Connor groans, but he can't blame her, she's probably never had to worry about police. Connor knows that Chloe saying that incriminates them.
"Oh, shit..." Chloe says, in realisation.
"May we come in, sir?" Chowdury asks.
"No." Connor says. "I'd feel more comfortable talking out here."
"Suit yourself, sir." Chowdury replies. "Can you tell me your whereabouts last night between 8 and 10 pm?"
"I was out for a run with my dog. And yes, the incident did take place - Chloe, my... friend, called me as she was leaving work. She was then assaulted by these two men. They tore her clothes - we still have them. The man who was hurt by my dog explicitly said his intention was to rob and sexually assault her. He held her at knifepoint - she still has a mark on her neck. My dog attacked him from behind, saving her from god-knows-what. I think that's a valid case of self-defence, especially given the prevalence of crimes against women in this city." Connor says, matter-of-factly.
"Right..." Chowdury says, the last comment ringing especially true with her. "That being said, we need to confiscate your dog. I'm afraid it needs to be assessed by a vet to see if it is dangerous."
"No." Connor says. "You're not taking him anywhere."
"Sir, I need you to step aside." Deer says, revealing a noose for catching dogs.
"Sparky..." Connor says, frozen still. "RUN!"
Sparky bolts past the officers, who give chase. They're no match for him, and he barrells off into the woodlands nearby. Connor and Chloe head out after him. They eventually meet him by the stream where he sat once, after the daschund barked at him.
"Sparky..." Connor says softly. He is greeted by licks and cuddles. Chloe receives the same.
"I'm so sorry..." Chloe says, forlorn. "It's all my fault."
"Not at all." Connor replies. "It's those little toe-rags, they know every trick in the book."
"Still..." Chloe says dejectedly.
"No." Connor says firmly. "Do not blame yourself."
"But Sparky could be taken away from you, because of me!" Chloe says, tears in her eyes.
"No. Cops never come into Redbridge. They'll move on in a week." Connor says.
"Are you sure?" Chloe asks.
"I'll make sure. Don't worry. We're gonna be fine." Connor replies.
They take Sparky back home, and then Connor drives Chloe back to her house.
Connor returns home, and hugs Sparky. Then, he calls a number on his burner.
"Privyet, Tovarisch!" the voice says.
"Ivan." Connor replies. "I need a favour."


Next up, Connor and Ivan are sat on a park bench with Sparky.
"He's doing good, no?" Ivan asks. Ivan's eye-sockets are covered in the tell-tale black veins of super-agents - a lasting affect of the serum used to save his life.
"Yeah, he's a good boy." Connor replies.
"And you're sure he can speak?" Ivan asks.
"You came back from the dead, found a magical suit that can repair itself and change clothes into armour - but a talking dog is too much for you?" Connor asks, smirking.
"Haha! Fair point, tovarisch." Ivan laughs. "You've been a busy man, haven't you? This has been a very good partnership."
"How are our friends at the KGB doing?" Connor asks.
"Good, is good. They like you - we tell you where these nazi punks are, and you send us their heads - or photos of them, which is good enough. You're a real soldier of the revolution, tovarisch." Ivan replies, smirking.
"I'm not big on politics, but the way I see it, killing these psychos is always a win." Connor says grimly.
"That it is. Now, what did you need from me?" Ivan asks.
"The police - they're coming after Sparky. And..." Connor pauses. "They got my hand."
"Your hand?" Ivan asks, raising an eyebrow.
"I had to cut off my hand to escape a burning building. Don't worry, it grew back - oh yeah, we can grow back limbs." Connor says, nonchalantly.
"So, your hand just grew back?"" Ivan asks, incredulously. "What did it feel like?"
"Like every nerve in my body was on fire," Connor replies, shaking his head.
"I'm nowhere near as strong as you, neither is anyone who's taken that serum." Ivan says somberly. "What we are to people, you and Sparky seem to be to us. Case in point - KGB has captured these Agents recently. We dismembered one - his hand has yet to grow back."
"Really?" Connor asks, confused. "As if this wasn't confusing enough."
"You're telling me. We did find something though - hidden in the files you sent me after the last job - a name. ODESSA." Ivan says, ominously.
"What's that?" Connor asks.
"It stands for: Organisation der ehemaligen SS-Angehörigen. In English, it's Organization of Former SS Members. We thought the whole thing was a hoax, until recently." Ivan says, grimly.
"SS?! You mean the fucking Nazis?" Connor asks, shocked.
"Yes." Ivan answers. "Founded by former members of the Ahnenerbe - top secret Nazi occult organisation. All the big names, they were involved - Josef Mengele, Oskar Dirlewanger, Bronislav Kaminski-" Ivan spits the last one, disgusted at the mention of such a famous traitor to the Soviet Union. "all the ones who escaped justice and Nuremburg."
"Holy shit..." Connor says.
"They're all dead now, but their ideas... harder to kill." Ivan says. "From what we know, ODESSA survived, and integrated itself with far-right movements across the globe. KKK, South African Apartheid Government, Australian Nation Party, English Patriotic League - you name it, if it's fascist, ODESSA's filthy paws are all over it. */Praklon/* [damnit in his native Belarusian], we even think they had a hand in the fall of the Soviet Union! All those bastard groups, from the Caucasus to Finland and beyond, they're connected - and it all links back to ODESSA. Even your government could be compromised."
"How?" Connor asks, shocked. "How could that happen?"
"Because for people in power, it was profitable that way." Ivan says, shaking his head. "ODESSA, Nazism, fascism - all just capitalism in decay."
"So what do we do? Where's the fight?" Connor asks, invigourated.
"Hah. I love your revolutionary spirit, tovarisch - and you can start by doing us both a favour." Ivan says, pulling out a photo. "Roman Mercer. Real scum. Like, human trafficking kind of scum. But he's so connected, he's untouchable - he's beaten every court case he's had to sit in. MI5 are sick of it. They want him gone. In exchange, they'll pay good money, and I'll get them to manipulate the police investigation against you - throw spanners in works, make evidence go missing, etc. And, to top it all off, I have good evidence he's working with the Patriots - taking him out will weaken their chain, and bring us one step closer to ODESSA."
Connor thinks for a moment. "I don't know... I've, kinda sworn off killing normal humans."
"He is not normal human. Bad man, very bad man - and he works with ODESSA. Is that not enough?" Ivan says.
"This man trafficked girls as young as twelve, to god-knows-where,” Ivan continues, disgust dripping from his words. “And he’s still out there, sipping champagne with politicians."
"...They want him gone, yeah? What if I threaten him into confessing?" Connor says.
"That could work..." Ivan thinks. "Try it. But if he doesn't cooperate, kill him."
Sparky rests his head on Connor’s lap. Connor absently scratches behind the his ears, grounding himself in the familiar warmth.
Connor pauses. He takes a deep breath. And he thinks of Sparky, and the noose... He hates this - hates being pushed into corners. 
But if protecting Sparky means stepping into the shadows again, so be it.
"I'll do it." Connor says at last.






Roman Mercer sits in his luxurious home, sipping from a glass of red wine. He glances at his phone, and then it rings.
Mercer: "Hello, your honour! ...Good, glad to hear she was to your liking. Another? Of course! What do you want? ...Okay, how old? Hmm... Youngest I can do is 7. Excellent. See you soon."
He raises the glass to his lips, but the sound of a click behind him stops him cold. Slowly, he turns around to see Connor, standing in the shadows, his gun aimed directly at Mercer’s face.
"It could be over like that, Roman." Connor says, putting on a thick Northern Irish accent. "And it be will - if you don't confess."
Mercer freezes for a moment, his eyes flicking to the gun and back to Connor. His expression falters for a brief second, but then he quickly recovers, a smirk playing at the edges of his lips.
"Oh god... Okay, I knew this day would come. I'll confess. Just—just don’t pull that trigger, alright?" Mercer said, trembling with fear.
Connor keeps the gun steady, not lowering it for a second. "You have 24 hours. Try to skip town, I’ll kill you."
Mercer nods, the smile still present but now forced. He looks almost relieved, though there's a hint of calculation in his eyes.
"Yeah, yeah, I’ll... I’ll get the confession ready. You’ll have it, don’t worry." Mercer says, half-begging.
"Try anything funny, Roman, and you’ll regret it." Connor says, cold as ice.
Without another word, Connor turns and exits the room. The door clicks shut behind him.
As soon as Connor’s footsteps fade, Mercer picks up his phone again, his demeanor changing completely. He no longer seems fearful or defeated—he’s back to being the cold, calculating man he was before.
Mercer smirks, and speaks into the phone: "Captain? I need a favour."





Next scene, Connor is overlooking a warehousing unit. He motions his hand forward, and Sparky reveals himself.
"How many?" Connor asks.
"18 humans, all armed. 1 super-agent. 5 women, captive. Also, a funny smell. Not sure what it is - some kind of bleach." Sparky reports.
"That includes Mercer?" Connor asks.
"Yes - he's armed." Sparky replies.
"I gave him his chance - now it's time for retribution." Connor says, his face hard as stone.
"What do we do with the gunmen?" Sparky asks.
"They're involved in this bastard's treatment of children. God, if I knew how sick he was, I would never have even thought of sparing him. I should have just killed him there." Connor says.
"This way, we get to take them all down." Sparky says, his fur blowing in the wind.
"Kill them all. Let's get those women home." Connor says, his voice a growling wind.
The two comrades-in-arms leap down to the ground below. They enter the warehouse, and begin their slaughter.
Killing super-agents is one thing. Normal humans? They are nothing to these two.
"NOTHING CAN KEEP US FROM YOU, MERCER! NOT MEN! NOT GUNS! NOT ARMOUR!" Connor howls, his words shaking the air around him.
When the last gunman is dead, Connor cuts the captives free.
"Sparky, get them out of here. Behind that door..." Connor looks ahead. "Is Mercer and the Super-Agent. They're mine." Connor growls.
"Got it." Sparky says, like a soldier.
"You guys, go with the dog - you're safe." Connor says. One woman who understands English the most translates for him, and the girls leave with Sparky.
Connor opens the door, and finds himself in a plastic corridor - with several ventilators present. The doors slam shut. A voice comes in on the intercom.
"Traitor! Hear my words and obey!" the voice shouts.
"Who the fuck is this?" Connor shouts back.
"Insolent wretch! Die now! Die, in your master's name!" the voice shouts. With that, a yellowish gas pours from the ventilators. A trap!
Connor struggles at the door, trying to fight through, but the pain... he can't breathe, he can't see... Chlorine gas. The bleach Sparky could smell...
Connor collapses and stops moving. The superagent enters, armed and suited up in an NBC suit.
"Target down. Terminated." he says.
"Make sure!" Mercer shouts over the intercom.
The agent opens fire into Connor's body. As he does this, Sparky barks and howls helplessly as he tries to get the door open. The agent laughs, steps towards Sparky, and...
A hand grabs his ankle. It throws him on the ground. Connor rises. His eyes glow a bright red.
Connor shuffles towards the agent, places his boot on the man's face, and, almost softly, crushes his head like a grape. He looks at Sparky, nods, and heads into the next room.
There, he sees Mercer making a run for it.
He morphs a throwing knife and launches it accross the room. Bullseye. It goes straight through Mercer's palm, pinning him to the wall. Connor approaches, slowly - like a living avatar of Death itself.
Mercer can do nought but scream.
Connor pulls the blade from Mercer's hand, and sinks it into his chest. As Mercer desperately clutches onto life, Connor pulls the blade out again, and in a single slashing motion, liberates Mercer's throat from his neck. He takes his photo, and he and Sparky leave.
On the streets outside, Connor re-morphs into his civillian clothes. He is bruised and battered - so he tells Sparky to go on home, and that he'll be back soon. Sparky reluctantly agrees. Connor stumbles through the city, trying to recover - only to hear a familiar voice.
"Oi. Barrett Cunt."
He turns around, looking upon the arseholes who beat him months ago. Only now, he can hit harder.
One swings, and Connor, despite being beaten and poisoned, effortlessly ducks and swings back, knocking the man on the ground. He kicks the second, putting him straight down. He grabs the heads of the third and fourth, and slams them together. Silently, he delivers a careful uppercut to the fifth's chin, knocking him out. He shambles onward, until again, he hears a familiar voice.
"Connor? Oh my god, are you okay?!" Chloe says, running towards him.






Next up, we continue where we left off. Chloe has sat Connor down on a bench and is looking at his injuries.
"What happened?!" she asks, the concern palpable.
"Nothing, nothing... just those arseholes who got me last time." Connor says, swallowing the lies. He hates this. He hates lying to her. But what choice does he have?
"You're badly hurt... we need to get you to a hospital." Chloe says.
"No, we can't... if we go to the hospital, it'll become a whole legal thing. And if they're already going after Sparky, we can't have that." Connor replies.
Chloe sobs slightly. "It's all my fault..."
"No!" Connor says, holding her hand. "It's really not. It's the fault of this city."
"Can you stand?" Chloe asks, wiping away her tears.
"Yes, I can." Connor says. It takes some effort, but he rises to his feet.
"Come with me, my place isn't far." Chloe says. "Where's Sparky?"
"He's at home." Connor says. "He'll be fine."
"This way." Chloe says, leading him to her door. She opens it, and puts him on the sofa, turns on the light, and brings out a first aid kit.
"You're lucky - it's all skin deep. Looks worse than it is." she says. "Bet it hurts, though, huh?"
"I'm okay now. I think I just need to rest." Connor says, yawning.
"Okay. Come on then, let's get you to bed." she says.
"You sure? I don't wanna kick you out of your own bed..." Connor says, shyly.
"Connor." she replies. "We already established my bed is bigger than your sofa, and we fit on that just fine." She smiles faintly.
"Touche." Connor replies, smirking. The two lie down and get comfortable.
"Goodnight." Chloe says.
"Good-night" Connor replies. As he says this, Chloe leans over and kisses his cheek.
"Oh, hah, thanks..." Connor says, blushing. "What was that for?"
"Oh, just, you know, kissing your cheek before bed. Like mums do. It's not that weird... is it?" she asks.
"I, uh, I wouldn't know." Connor replies, unsure.
"Your mother never did that?" Chloe asks, even less sure.
"I'm sure she would have if she didn't die not long after I was born." Connor says nonchalantly. Chloe gasps and covers her mouth.
"My uncle kissed me a lot though!" Connor catches himself. "Well, I mean, on the cheek and stuff. *Not* - Not on the stuff. Just the cheek."
The pair chuckle. Connor shuffles a bit.
"Wow, this bed is really comfy." he says.
"It's just a bed." Chloe replies.
"I know, but... I've never slept on a bed this soft." Connor says.
"I mean it is nice." Chloe says wistfully. "But this fancy bed, that fancy dresser, my fancy kitchen... it's all just *things*. And I'd be fine without them."
"Huh... It's funny. I watched my uncle spend his whole life trying to make us money, and you're saying it's no better off." Connor says, thoughtfully.
"Not like that... crap, I don't mean to sound ungrateful. Of course, having a good standard of living is important. But anything beyond that, you just... yous start to think about the things money can't buy..." she looks deep into Connor's eyes.
"You mean... an island?" Connor asks, smirking.
Chloe giggles. "No, not an island."
"*TWO* Islands?" Connor asks, faux-incredulously. They both laugh.
"Now I know you're messing with me." Chloe chuckles.
"Surely... Surely you don't mean *three*..." Connor says.
"Hah! Enough!" Chloe says, whacking Connor with a pillow. "Go to sleep, your majesty."
"Hah, okay. See you in the morning." he says
"Sweet dreams." she replies.
As they sleep, they naturally pull each other into an embrace.




The next scene begins in the morning. DI Naismith finishes talking to an FI at the scene of Mercer's murder.
He turns to Chowdury.
"Any news?" he asks.
"None so far, sir." she replies. "No CCTV footage, or fingerprints. Speaking of which, I've got some bad news about the hand..."
"...Just what we need. What is it?" Naismith sighs.
"Nothing on the prints. According to the FIs, each finger has a completely different print, and each one looks like it was halfway changing into a new one." She pauses for a moment. "If... If the rumours are true, if this man really isn't... human, then it's going to be even harder to catch him."
Naismith strokes his chin. Stubble has formed around it - he hasn't shaved recently. He rubs his eyes - the bags forming under them weighing heavily. Finally, he speaks.
"Whatever this... this man is, he's human. He's not an alien or a monster - he's a man. And men make mistakes. We *will* catch him." he says stoically.
"Right you are, sir!" Chowdury says, cheerfully. An FI approaches. "Excuse me?"
"Yes?" Naismith asks.
"One of the bodies we recovered," the FI begins, "he had the same veins under his eyes as those other stiffs from before. Since we're working with Throgmorton now, should we send the body over to them?"
"Yes, good call - let's see if they can make sense of things." Naismith nods in agreement. Naismith turns and looks down at Mercer's body. He grimaces.
"You know..." he says, talking more to himself than to Chowdury, "Obviously we're gonna catch this guy... but, well... I can't fault him for taking down Mercer."
"Sir?" Chowdury says, unsure.
"No... nothing." Naismith says. He pauses for a moment. "The girls who were being held here. What'll happen to them?" he asks.
"Well, Immigration will probably want to take over their cases... they'll probably be sent back to Romania." she says demurely.
"So, they escape slavery, just to go back to a warzone..." Naismith sighs. "No. Tell Immigration that they're important witnesses in our case, and, following from investigation, are to be granted amnesty to seek asylum here."
"Sir!" Chowdury nods, beaming with pride.

The scene cuts over to Chloe and Connor waking up together. Chloe opens her eyes slowly, looks at Connor, and closes them again, smiling.
"Hey... morning." she whispers.
"Hah... good morning." he replies. He stretches and yawns.
"Shit, it's 8AM. I start work in an hour." Chloe says, stretching and sitting up.
"Oh crap - want me to drive you?" Connor asks.
"Yes please... ugh, Mondays, eh?" Chloe says, smirking.
The two get up, and Connor goes to the bathroom. He inspects his face - he's mostly healed, though the Chlorine poisoning seems to have slowed down his healing - his body probably focused on rebuilding his lungs as opposed to cosmetic damage. This is good, because being fully healed again would look suspicious. He turns to Chloe, who has put on her glasses and begun getting dressed.
"You're looking better now!" she says, smiling.
"Hah, not so bad yourself." Connor smirks. Chloe chuckles and blushes.
"I mean, your face." Chloe begins, but Connor chimes in again.
"Damn, I'm getting all the compliments this morning!" he smirks. Chloe chuckles and looks down shyly.
"You know what I mean!" she says, flustered slightly. "The scuffs and bruises are healing nicely."
"It was all only skin-deep." Connor says, smiling. "I've had worse."
Chloe frowns. Connor interjects.
"Not--I mean, it's not like I get in fights all the time, just... Redbridge sucks." Connor smiles awkwardly. Chloe smiles softly.
"There does seem to be something... wrong with this city." she nods in agreement. "Speaking of... I don't suppose you know anything about some... mutant vigilante?"
Connor's heart skips a beat, but he steels himself without showing it. "Eh?" he says, trying not to give off too much.
"Something at work. We've been asked to investigate - there's this vigilante going around, killing people. According to the rumours, he's some sort of superhuman. He moves fast, hits hard, and takes damage that would kill a normal man..." Chloe says, oblivious to Connor's reaction. "I just wondered, seeing as you live in Redbridge, you might have heard something."
"I mean, I haven't heard anything, but I can ask my boss if you like? He's got his ear to the ground." Connor says. He hates lying to her, but what's the alternative? Admit he's a killer? Hell, she's working on the investigation to find him now! What's he supposed to do?
"Yeah, that'd be good! I don't know why, but my boss was told by his boss to assign me to the case. Maybe they think it'll be good experience for me?" Chloe says, pensively.
"I mean, it certainly sounds like good experience." Connor says. "Anyway, I'll let you get ready - I'll run back to mine and grab my car."
"Okay, thanks!" Chloe smiles. Connor leaves, and rushes back to his place. He enters the flat to see Sparky pounce on him. He falls to the ground and Sparky covers his face in licks.
"Oh my god! You're okay! Hi!" Sparky says between licks.
"Haha, okay okay buddy!" Connor says, and Sparky lets him stand. "Chloe found me, I stayed round hers last night."
"Oh, that's good." Sparky smiles. "I like Chloe. Where is she?"
"She's just getting ready for work." Connor says. "I'm gonna drive her - wanna come with?"
"Ooh, yes please!" Sparky says, excitedly. The two hop in the car and pull up outside Chloe's block. She comes rushing out, all dressed up ready for work.
"Heya, thanks again for doing this... Oh, hi Sparky!" she says, to which Sparky gives her some affectionate licks. "Hah, good boy, missed you too..." she smiles.
The drive to Throgmorton Genetics, and park up.
"Thanks again for last night... you really saved me." Connor smiles.
"Hey, eye for an eye, right?" Chloe smiles back.
"Speaking of, I've got the evening free - did you wanna try sparring tonight?" Connor asks.
"Oh, yes that'd be great!" Chloe replies. "I'll call you when I finish?"
"Sounds good, I'll drive straight here." Connor says, smiling. As Chloe leaves, Connor exhales, then turns to Sparky.
"She, uh... this place. Where she's working... they're investigating us." Connor says, unsure.
"Oh... Are we in trouble?" Sparky asks, concerned.
"No, not yet... I sent Ivan the photo last night, so he'll start having strings pulled to keep us safe" Connor replies. "Still... I have a bad feeling that things are going to get worse before they get better." Connor sighs.
"And Chloe?" Sparky asks.
"I don't know... I... I think I'm starting to..." Connor trails off.
"Starting to what?" Sparky presses.
"Starting to have... feelings for her." Connor says, uncomfortably. "She's so kind, she's funny, she's beautiful... and she's getting involved in the investigation. What if she finds out what we are?" Connor says, fearful. "Worse, what if ODESSA decide to target her? Hell, we know they work through proxies - what if those men that attacked her were sent there by them? Was it a warning?" Connor sounds openly scared.
"The way I see it, Chloe's part of our pack now." Sparky says firmly, snapping Connor out of his panic. "Which means we need to look out for her. Either way, she's already involved - and she would have been, with or without meeting us. So, we need to protect her. That means we stay close to her, not push her away."
Connor looks at Sparky, beaming with pride. "You know, you've grown into such a wise young wolf." he says.
"Well, I can't take all the credit. I have a pretty good role model." Sparky replies, smirking.
The two drive off.





Next up, we cut to a week later. Connor drives up to outside Missy's house. Missy is waiting for him outside.
"Get in, loser." Connor says, smirking.
"Make me, dickface." Missy replies snarkily. She goes to open the front door.
"Ah, ah! Shotgun is for the birthday boy." Connor says, cheekily.
"Ugh, you spoil him, you know." Missy replies. She sits in the back. They drive onwards, pulling up outside Chloe and Bea's apartment block.
"I had no idea they lived somewhere so posh." Missy says, awestruck.
"The posh accents didn't give it away?" Connor replies, snarking.
"Ha ha." Missy says sarcastically. "Ooh, here they come."
The girls head into the back.
"Hiii!! So good to see you both!" Bea says, excitedly.
"Really looking forward to this!" Chloe adds, smiling.
"Right! Now to go and fetch Hombre Numero Uno." Connor says, smiling.
"That was... an interesting way to pronounce Spanish." Bea says, Chloe laughing.
"I have a way with words, Miss Jefferson." Connor says faux-seriously. The group laughs and they drive on. They pull up outside Tre's house. He walks outside and jumps straight into the front seat - knowing Connor would have kept it spare for him.
"Happy birthday!!" they all cheer.
"Haha, thanks guys. I'm so pumped for this!" Tre says excitedly. They drive off.
"Bro, let me have the aux cord." Tre says, motioning to Connor's stereo.
"But your music is shit!" Connor replies.
"But it's my birthdayyy" Tre says, dramatically.
"Fiiine." Connor replies. Tre puts the music on.
"So, where are we going again?" Missy asks.
"Seriously?" Connor asks. "I've told you like 5 times."
"Yeah, but I've had alcohol since." Missy replies cheerily.
"We're going to the zoo!" Tre adds, excited.
The group pull up, and enter the zoo. Tre is beaming like a young child, as they go through each exhibit. When they go through the drive-through safari, a pack of wolves approach the car and look into it.
"Whoa..." the group says, almost in unison.
"Sparky would have loved this." Connor says.
"Hah, yeah he would." Chloe replies, smiling.
"Damn, they look small compared to him though!" Bea chimes in.
"That's because he's a wolfdog. Wolfdogs are often bigger than both." Missy adds. "Anna used to want to work at this zoo... no, nevermind." she cuts herself off. Bea puts a comforting hand on Missy's shoulder. Connor looks in the mirror, giving Missy a comforting glance. They finish, and head to the zoo's cafe.
"So, what did you do for your 18th?" Bea asks Tre.
"Got shitfaced drunk at the Singing Horse." Tre replies, chuckling.
Connor is sat next to Missy. He says to her, quiet enough that only she can hear, "How are you holding up?"
"I'm okay." Missy replies. "Not going to let my heartbreak ruin Tre's day."
"Have you heard from Anna at all?" Connor asks.
"No, nothing." she replies. "She's ghosting me."
"Maybe it's her aunt..." Connor says unsurely. "I can go round and see if she's okay if you like?"
"No, it's fine..." Missy replies, steeling herself.
The group leave the safari, and head back to Connor's flat to pick up Sparky.
"Oh hi hi hi! Happy birthday or whatever that means, Tre! Ooh, you smell like loads of funny animals! Was it good?" Sparky asks excitedly.
"Hey, buddy." Connor says cheerfully. "Sorry we couldn't bring you to the zoo - you would have loved it."
"One day I'll go!" Sparky says happily.
"Haha, it's like he's saying 'I wanna go!'" Chloe says, only hearing the barks. Sparky barks in approval. "You're getting it!" he says.
"Hah, looks like I'm getting better at speaking your language!" Chloe says, smiling and stroking Sparky. Sparky pants happily.
The group drives to Tre's place. Phil, Tre's dad, greets them at the door.
"Hello, hello! Nice to meet you two - I'm Phil, Tre's dad." Phil says. "Connor! Missy! Long time no see!" he says, lighting up when he sees them.
"Alright, Phil? How you been?" Connor asks, smiling.
"Good, good - you?" he replies.
"Not bad, not bad - zoo was fun." Connor answers.
"Good to see you, Phil." Missy smiles and hugs him.
"You too, sweetheart." Phil replies, hugging back. "Right, I'm off. Before you all judge me for being a lousy dad ditching my son on his birthday, I specifically chose to work tonight so you all have the place to yourselves. I'm staying round a mates tonight, so I'll be back tomorrow afternoon - if you do cover my lovely house that I've nearly paid the mortgage off of in spew, please clean it up before I get back. Or don't, I'm only his dad." he says, smirking and nudging Tre. The group laugh and enter.
Phil pulls Tre aside for a moment. "Have a good night, son. Happy 19th birthday."
"Thanks dad. I love you." Tre says, beaming.
"I love you too." Phil replies, tears of pride forming in his eye. "Shit, I swore I wouldn't cry this year!"
"It's okay." Tre says, pulling Phil in for a hug.
"Your mother would be so proud." Phil says, embracing his son. "I'll see you tomorrow."
"Have a good night, dad." Tre replies, smiling softly.


The scene cuts over to later in the evening. Everyone is drinking and being merry. Tre even reveals he bought special dog beer for Sparky to enjoy.
"This tastes like static!" Sparky says happily.
"Haha, enjoy it mate!" Tre says, hearing only barks of enjoyment.
"Ooh, let's play a drinking game!" Missy says excitedly.
"How about 'never have I ever'?" says Bea. "We each say a thing, and whoever's done the thing must drink."
"I'm down!" Tre says. 
"Hell yeah!" Connor replies.
"Okay, me first." Bea says. "Never have I ever..." she thinks for a moment. "Lived in a foreign country."
"Does Ireland count?" Missy asks.
"It feckin' should." Connor chimes in, exagerrating his Irish accent.
"Haha - yeah, Ireland counts." Bea says. With that, Connor drinks. No one else does.
"Ooh, do tell?" Bea asks.
"I grew up there - moved there when I was a baby. Came back here when I was around 6 or 7." Connor says. Tre, Missy, and Chloe give knowing looks of comfort. Oblivious, Bea smiles. "Was it much different to here?" she asks.
"Hmm... Yes and no." Connor says. "The culture... It *feels* different, but... well, it's largely dominated by English culture - or, Protestant culture." Connor says, somewhat grimly. "It doesn't really have a chance to be it's own thing outside of British context."
A slightly awkward pause begins, broken by Chloe chiming in, trying to change the subject: "Okay, never have I ever... broken a bone."
"Does it have to be your own?" Tre asks, grinning deviously.
"That was ominous..." Chloe chuckles. "Yes, one of your own bones."
"Does cartilage count?" Missy asks.
"Hmm... Okay sure, broken noses and such count too." Chloe answers.
Tre laughs. Chloe, Missy, Tre, and Connor drink.
Bea laughs. "Chloe, honey, you're not supposed to say one you've done yourself?"
"Why not?" Chloe asks, innocently.
"Because... Hm. Actually, I don't know. That's a stupid rule. How did you all do it?" Bea asks.
"Busted my nose in football - some idiot kicked the ball right into my face." Tre says, staring at Connor.
"You should have moved." Connor replies, smirking. "Besides, it wasn't really *broken* - it healed without any disfigurement. Mine was my nose too - I smushed it on the pavement when I fell off my bike as a kid." Connor says, chuckling as if it's a fond memory. "Used to have a nasty scar coming out of my nostril, but that's healed now."
"You're both pussies." Missy says, smirking. "I broke an actual bone - I just wanted you guys to drink. My arm - broke it as a little kid doing cartwheels, I landed funny and it bent like a banana." she laughs. "Had to have pins put in and everything."
"Oh yes, let's all clap for our great martyr Missy." Connor says snarkily, slow-clapping.
"Fuck you!" Missy replies, laughing.
"Mine was pretty standard - I tried to climb the tree in our garden as a kid. Landed riiight on this ankle here" - Chloe says, gesturing to her right foot. "Was in crutches for months."
"Wow, you're all narly." Bea says, chuckling. "I, for one, take great care of my bones."
"Get you, little miss skeletal-integrity. La-di-da." Tre says, with a sarcasm to match Connors. The group bursts out laughing.
"Alright, my turn." goes Missy. "Never have I ever... smoked weed."
Missy, Connor, Tre, and Bea drink.
"Really?" Tre asks.
"I've just never done it. I probably would, though." Chloe replies, shrugging.
"I was gonna have a joint later - wanna try it?" Tre asks.
"Hm... Yeah, go on then!" Chloe replies.
"You sure? You don't have to if you don't want to." Connor chimes in, but Chloe nods reassuringly.
"It's cool, I've always wondered what it would be like." Chloe says, cheerily.
"Okay, my go - never have I ever..." Tre thinks for a moment. "Drunk-dialed an ex."
Again, everyone but Chloe drinks.
"Okay, tell the stories!" Chloe asks, excitedly.
"Mine was last week." Missy says, chuckling grimly. "Called Anna up, drunk as a skunk. Left a pretty cringey voicemail." At the mention of Anna, Missy's demeanour changes. She puts on a brave smile, but it's clearly an act. She's heartbroken at how things ended between them.
"Aww..." Bea says, brushing Missy's arm. "Mine was last year. Called Dave, begging him to take me back. We hooked up that night, then I sobered up and remembered why I hated him." she chuckles.
"Mine was a month ago." Tre chimes in. "Raj - such a fit lad. He told me he was happily with his new boyfriend, and it went nowhere."
"Raj got a new boyfriend?" Connor asks.
"Yeah... My own fault, I shouldn't have messed him around. But I wasn't exactly as mature as I am now." Tre says, sipping his cup. Connor nods understandingly.
"Mine was a while ago too. My ex Yaz - she cheated on me. I was pretty cut up for a while about it." Connor says, sipping his drink uncomfortably.
"Cut up? You were a wreck." Tre says. "That fucking bitch..."
"What's done is done." Connor says, stoically.
"Whoa... I mean, I've only ever had one ex, and that... well, let's just say if I never see him again, it'd be too soon." Chloe says, grimly.
Bea looks at Chloe with a comforting glance. Connor wants to ask more, but decides to ask her later. Sparky, however, walks over and lays his head on her lap.
"Haha, hey buddy." Cloe says, stroking Sparky's head.
"I... I didn't know you were gay, Tre." Bea says, with a hint of disappointment.
"Who, me? Nah, straight as an arrow." Tre says, snarkily.
"Straight as a fucking roundabout, more like." Connor chuckles, eliciting a burst of laughter from Tre.
"It's okay Bea, he's bi - you still have a chance." Missy says, winking.
"Huh?! Haha, no, that's not... *ahem*." Bea says, blushing.
"Your turn, Connor! Make it a good one." Tre says.
Connor looks at Tre. He thinks - do I do this to him? And then, he decides - fuck it. He smirks deviously.
"Never... Never have I ever... shat on a sex partner's rug." he says, choking back laughter.
"What the hell?!" Bea says.
"Huh?!" Missy goes.
"That's... an interesting one, Connor." Chloe adds, confused.
Tre gives Connor a faux-menacing side-eye, mutters "Motherfucker." and drinks.
"WHAT?!" the girls burst out in shock.
"There's context, I swear!!" Tre says, but the girls erupt into laughter. Tre blushes, and Connor looks at him grinning. Tre playfully whacks Connor's arm and says "Well played, Barrett. That's twice now you've fucked me over with that incident." Connor smirks proudly.
"Go on, I wanna hear this." Missy says, leaning inwards.
"I'm not sure I do, but let's go for it." Chloe says, chuckling.
"I don't think Connor's going to come out of this one looking great. This was in college, we were both 17 and little idiots." Tre begins.
"It was only two years ago - I don't think we've grown up *that* much." Connor adds, smirking.
"To understand this, you have to understand how me and Connor became friends... Oh, you fucker." he says, staring at Connor, who is laughing like a hyena.
"Okay, I don't come out of this one looking great... and on my birthday too!" Tre says, smacking Connor again. Connor chuckles.
"Tre, this is a story where you shit on a sex partner's rug. I doubt you were ever going to come out looking like a prince." Missy adds, teasingly.
"You're as bad as each other!" Tre replies, and takes a deep breath. "Connor and I became friends in school."
"Tre, it's cool - you don't have to say that bit." Connor says, slightly more serious than before, but Tre raises a hand.
"No, it's okay - if I don't say this bit, you look like a monster." Tre says, chuckling to himself. "We met in school, but not on the best of starts. I was with a bunch of dickheads at the time. I was dealing with... Well, to be honest, a lot of internalised homophobia. So I hanged around these arseholes because, well, in a way they made me feel like I wasn't into men. Because why would someone who was into men hang out with them, you know?" Tre says, sipping his drink. The girls lean in, listening intently. Tre continues: "So, these guys would bully Connor on a regular basis."
"I had it coming - I was a weirdo." Connor interrupts.
"You're still a weirdo - you're my weirdo." Tre replies, smiling wholesomely. "And it was wrong. I... I'm ashamed to admit I joined in." Tre says, grimly.
"Whoa..." Bea says, pensively. "So... how did you go from that to such good friends?" she asks. It's apparent she's hoping Tre will reveal some sympathetic motive, some story to exonerate him where he stood up to the bullies - let's face it, he's not looking good.
"Well, one day, I took it too far. I mean, it was always too far, but this..." Tre says, somberly. "We were pushing Connor around, and I went into his backpack and tore up his homework." Tre sighs. "I didn't know this because I was an ignorant 15 year-old, but that day was the anniversary of the Derry Riots. Needless to say, Connor wasn't in a good mood that day." Tre sips his drink.
"You weren't to know." Connor adds, somewhat apologetically. He didn't realise Tre would go into it this deep - part of him respects Tre adding this context, part of him feels guilty for dropping him in it like this.
"Well, even if it wasn't that day and you were English born and bred, it would still have been wrong." Tre responds. "Anyway, that made Connor snap."
"I punched him square in the face. Gave him a black eye for weeks." Connor says, bashfully.
"Hey, at least it doesn't show up on me." Tre adds, lightening the mood. Connor thinks to himself - Tre only makes jokes about his race when he's *really* trying to lighten the mood. "Fuck." Connor thinks.
"Anyway, after that, we both ended up in detention." Connor says. "From there, we got to know each other better - and learned that Phil knew my uncle Vince."
Tre interjects. "Yeah - we're both some of the only kids who were born in this city in late 1996." he goes.
"I heard about that - the Shatterhill babies." Chloe adds, looking forlorn. "I had no idea..."
"Anyway, dad and Vinny made us make up - from there, we became fast friends. And..." Tre pauses for a moment. "Dad made me swear to make it up to Connor one day. So, when we were in college, I made Connor promise he'd get even. That he'd do something to me so humiliating, so borderline-cruel, so embarassing, that we'd be even. And, well, Connor doesn't like to break his promises."
Connor chuckles ever so slightly. "I think we can agree I got you back good."
Tre chuckles too, clearly glad to hit the meat of the story. "One night, I was meeting with... well, let's just say it was a casual friend. Only, the morning before, I'd already slept with someone else." Tre says. Chloe gasps.
"It's okay - it was all informal. No hurt feelings - I was a real slag back then." Tre says. "Anyway, I didn't know if I'd manage to handle a second one that day, so Connor - this little fucker - he gave me some pills, told me they were Viagras, to help me manage."
Connor snorts with laughter. He's awaiting the punchline with glee.
"Tell us, Connor. What were those pills?" Tre asks, faux-shocked.
"They were not viagras." Connor chuckled.
"What were they then?" Tre asks. Everyone leans in.
"They were super-laxatives." Connor answers. Everyone erupts in laughter.
"I didn't think they'd work *that* badly!" Connor adds, again causing more laughter.
"Needless to say, he got me back good." Tre says.

The night continues, and the drinking goes on.


Next scene, it is later in the evening. Everyone except Connor and Sparky is tipsy. Connor sips his whiskey and smiles.
"How do you do it?" Tre asks. "You always used to be a heavyweight, but lately, you've been drinking us all under the table."
"Irish blood." Connor smirks. "The Irish are genetically programmed to metabolise whiskey. Other alcohols follow suit."
"Well that's bullshit." Tre laughs. "My family's Caribbean and I can't handle rum at all." 
"Well, Caribbean people are programmed to metabolise rum - you're just a weakling." Connor smirks, chuckling. 
"Fuck you!" Tre laughs. "La-di-da, Mr. Irishman. Go on, do the voice." Tre goes, mocking a leprechaun voice.
"The voice?" Connor asks, raising an eyebrow.
"Your Irish accent!" Tre laughs.
"What, 'Dae tha funny voice noy, ya Eirish mun-kee?'" Connor asks, in a comically exaggerated Irish accent. 
"Yeah!" Missy adds, teasingly. "Doo Da Dublin axe-sent." she says, in a butchered parody of a real Dublin accent.
"Feck yous both." Connor replies in a real, normal Derry accent. "Just because I grew up there doesn't make me a jester."
Both Missy and Tre laugh. "It sounds so good though!" Tre says. "Why don't you use your real accent?" he asks.
"That's not my real accent." Connor replies, shifting back to his normal, half-Yorkshire, quarter-Devon, quarter-Derry accent. "This is. My real accent has hints of Derry, sure, but--" he puts on his Yorkshire accent. "It's no realer than this." Everyone laughs.
"That was a really good Yorkshire accent!" Bea chimes in. "Did you ever live up there?"
"Aye, I lived oop north." Connor replies, this time exaggerating. He returns to his normal voice. "Lived in Leeds for a while before moving down to Devon. Living in so many regions does strange things to your voice."
"I've noticed the way you pronounce certain words - especially 'oo' sounds - is quite Irish." Chloe adds.
"Yeah - it's worse when I shout. I sound like I'm going to blow up your car." Connor says, then chuckles.
"Ah, sing it!" Tre shouts.
"No, Tre. I'm not singing it." Connor says, sternly.
"But it's my birthdayyyy" Tre begs.
"What's he asking?" Chloe asks.
"My uncle... he used to always whistle Irish Rebel songs. He taught me the words, and, well, they're good songs." Connor answers, unsure of their reaction.
"Wow. I'd love to hear one?" Chloe says, leaning in.
"Me too!" Bea adds. "Don't worry - my mum's a cape coloured from South Africa - the only person who hates the Brits more is probably you." she chuckles.
Connor breathes a sigh of relief, now knowing all his present company are amenable to Irish liberation. He takes a deep breath, and begins to sing, this time in his Derry accent.

"In nineteen, hundred, and sixteen,
The forces of the Crown,
To take, the orange, white, and green,
Bombarded, Dublin town.
But in Twenty-One,
Britannia's Huns,
Were forced,
To earn their pay-ay-ay,
And the Black-and-Tans,
Like lightning, ran,
From the rifles of the IRA.

They burned their way, through Munster,
And laid Leinster on the rack,
In Connaught, and in Ulster,
Marched the men, of brown, and black,
They shot down wives, and children,
In their own, "heroic", way-ay-ay,
And the Black-and-Tans,
Like lightning, ran,
From the rifles of the IRA.

They hanged young Kevin Barry high,
A lad of Eighteen years,
Cork city's flames, lit up the sky,
But our brave boys knew no fear,
The Cork brigades, with hand-grenades,
In ambush, waiting lay-ay-ay,
And the Black-and-Tans,
Like lightning, ran,
From the rifles of the IRA.

The Tans, were got,
Taken out, and shot,
By the brave, and the valiant few.
Sean Tracey, Denny, Lacey,
And Tom Barry's gallant crew.
Though we're not free yet,
We won't forget,
Until, our dying day-ay-ay,
How the Black-and-Tans,
Like lightning, ran,
From the rifles of the IRA."

Once the singing stops, Connor opens his eyes. Chloe's eyes glisten with tears at how emotional the performance was. Bea looks awestruck. Missy and Tre, having heard the song before, merely look proud - Connor looks just like Vince, Missy thinks.
"So..." Connor begins.
"That... That was beautiful." Chloe says, smiling.
"Amazing..." Bea responds. "Simply amazing."
"To Ireland!" Missy shouts, toasting.
"Ireland!" everyone else says. Connor raises his glass, and says, "Tiocfaidh ár lá. 'Our day will come', more or less." The others do their best to mimic Connor's pronunciation, but fail miserably. Everyone laughs. 
With that, they hear a knock at the door.
"I'll get it." Tre says, standing.
"Too right, it's your house." Missy chuckles.
Tre opens the door, and sees Anna outside.
"Hi, Tre, uh, happy birthday... Is Missy here?" Anna says, dried tears on her cheeks.
"Anna?!" Missy says, running to the front door. The others come too.
"Hey, Missy... Uhm, can I speak with you?" Anna says, trembling.
Missy folds her arms. "Anything you want to say, you can say in front of everyone."
"Okay... Missy, I'm... I'm so sorry..." Anna says, and breaks down in tears. Immediately, Missy drops the act and runs to her. They embrace. Anna comes inside, and they all sit down. Sparky jumps up at Anna and licks her tears away.
"Oh, wow, who's this?" Anna says, momentarily distracted from her sorrow.
"Oh, that's right, you've not met." Connor says. "This is Sparky, my dog. I got him recently."
"Oh wow... hey, Sparky." Anna says, pleased to meet him.
"Hi! How are you?" Sparky asks.
"Haha, he's a barky one, eh?" Anna says - like all humans, she just hears the dog.
"Hah, tell me about it." Connor replies.
"Missy..." Anna begins. "I'm so, so sorry. I shouldn't have reacted that way. I just... I was scared. My auntie, she... she confiscated my phone, so I argued with her, and she kicked me out. I've been trying to get a phone so I could talk to you..."
"Oh my god, I'm so sorry..." Missy says. "I thought you were ghosting me, I didn't... I had no idea."
"It's okay." Anna says. "I'm sorry. I was stupid. I thought, I could fool my aunt into thinking I wasn't gay, and then I could keep seeing you without her breathing down my neck. But after I... After I screwed up, she only got worse." Anna sobs.
"Oh baby... I'm so sorry..." Missy cries with her. "Where have you been staying?" she asks.
"I..." Anna begins, and cries harder. The dirt on her clothes answers the question. She's been rough sleeping.
"Oh baby!" Missy sobs, embracing Anna. "Why didn't you come to me sooner?"
"I... I was afraid, because I thought you'd be angry... I just..." Anna sobs and sniffles. "I couldn't take it anymore."
"No more." Missy says, through the tears. "From now on, you're staying with me. Tomorrow morning, we're getting you a new phone, and we'll get the paperwork sorted to move you in with me full-time."
"You... You'd do that for me? After the way I treated you?" Anna asks, tears streaming down her face.
"In a heartbeat." Missy replies, with no hesitation.
"...I love you." Anna says. Missy kisses Anna, and they embrace.
"I love you too." Missy replies.
The group celebrate Anna's return, and they drink into the night.




The next scene begins in the morning. Connor and Chloe awake on the sofa - they put on the TV and must have fallen asleep in each other's arms. They blush awkwardly and greet each other.
"oh... Hi, good, uh, morning..." Chloe says, shyly.
"Hah... morning." Connor replies, blushing.
"I didn't snore, did I?" Chloe asks, trying to break the tension.
"Oh, no no... did I?" Connor asks.
"Like a foghorn." Chloe replies, before breaking into laughter. "Nah, you were silent. This little one, though!" she points at Sparky, who is still asleep, and snoring.
Connor smiles, then winces. His migraines are getting worse again - and, oh great, he can't even hurt himself to lessen the pain. Not in front of everyone.
"You okay?" Chloe asks.
"Yeah, fine... just a migraine." Connor replies.
"Hangover? I didn't think you got that drunk." Chloe says, raising an eyebrow.
"Yeah, I suppose... must be dehydrated." he replies, making himself a glass of water. "Where is everyone?" he asks.
"I don't know - this house has 3 bedrooms, right? I'm guessing Tre took his dad's room, Anna and Missy took Tre's room, and Bea took the guest room." Chloe says, matter-of-factly.
"Huh. You're good at this." Connor replies.
"I should be a detective, huh?" Chloe laughs.
Connor's heart skips a beat. Throgmorton... he banishes the thought before it can affect him.
"Haha, yeah." Connor says, putting the kettle on. "I'll go upstairs and ask if anyone wants a coffee. You want one?" he asks.
"I'd love one." Chloe replies, putting her glasses on. "I'm just going to go to the loo."
"Cool - see you in a sec." he replies. He heads upstairs, only to see Phil's room is empty. He pauses for a moment, then chuckles.
"Tre, you dirty dog..." he laughs. He knocks on Tre's room's door. He hears Tre say "uh-huhhh..." slowly. He opens the door.
"You guys want coffee?" he asks.
"Yes please..." Tre says, half asleep. "Bea?" he asks
Bea wakes up. "huh... oh, uh... hi Connor..." she says, blushing and covering herself with her blanket. Connor chuckles. "Milk, two sugars for Tre - how do you take it?" he asks.
"Uh, milk, two sugars, as well..." she replies shyly.
"You guys are perfect for each other." he laughs, and leaves them. He knocks on the spare bedroom door. He hears Missy mumble "one second!" and the sound of shuffling. She answers the door, clearly having just thrown on whatever clothes were nearby.
"Coffee?" Connor asks nonchalantly.
"Yeah, go on then - black, two sugars, same for Anna." she replies.
Connor heads downstairs and begins making the coffees. Chloe returns from the toilet.
"How do you take it?" Connor asks.
"Oh, milk, no sugar - unless you have sweetner?" she asks. "Diabetes, eh?" she chuckles.
"Hah." Connor chuckles, and makes everyone's coffees. They all sit downstairs and rest. Connor, however, is finding his migraine getting worse. He poured a little bit of kettle water on his hand when no one was looking to try and dull the pain, but that wasn't enough... Soon, Connor's vision starts getting blurry.
"Connor? You okay?" Missy asks.
"Yeah, fine... just... my... my head... I..." Connor begins to slur his words.
"You okay bro?" Tre asks.
"Connor?" Missy adds.
"Yeah, yeah, I'm... I..." Connor sways his head, his eyes roll back, and he hits the floor and begins to shake.
Anna gasps.
"Shit!" Bea says.
"He's having a siezure! Stand back, guys!" Chloe says, clearing the space around him.
"What do we do? Do we... I don't know, put him in the recovery position?" Tre asks.
"No, don't touch him. We'll do that when he stops siezing." Chloe says authoritatively.
"What do we do?" Missy asks, scared.
"It's okay, we just leave him for now. Is this his first siezure?" she asks.
"I don't know... I mean, I think so? Wait, no - when we were kids in foster care, he had one after he... anyway." Missy says, clearly thinking about Connor's killing of James Caverty, their abusive foster-father.
"Okay, so it's not his first, that's good - let's see how long it lasts." Chloe replies. Sparky tries to get close to him, but Chloe pulls him back.
"It's okay, boy! Connor will be fine - but don't get too close!" she says. Eventually, Connor's shaking stops. Chloe rushes in, and puts him in the recovery position. He slowly comes to.
"Whoa... I... what happened?" Connor says, opening his eyes.
"It's okay, you're okay. Do you know where you are?" Chloe asks.
"Yeah, yeah, I'm in Tre's living room... aren't I?" Connor asks, concerned.
"Yes, you are - you just had a siezure. How do you feel right now?" Chloe asks, still maintaining a professional demeanour.
"I'm okay, just... dizzy. But my head feels better." Connor says, rising.
"No no, don't stand... let's get you sitting on the sofa." Chloe says, lifting him onto the sofa. "Are you comfy?"
"Yeah, yeah..." Connor says, catching his breath. "Sorry, sorry..."
"No, don't be. You're okay." Chloe says, breathing out.
"What happened?" Missy asks, scared.
"I don't know..." Connor says. "I had a really bad migraine, and then..."
He looks at Sparky. "Come on, boy. Up-up."
Sparky jumps up and nuzzles into him. "That's what happens when we don't sort the migraines!" he says. "Next time, find something to hurt yourself with."
"Thanks, buddy..." Connor says, stroking Sparky.
"Connor, we need to get you to a doctor." Chloe says.
"No, I'm fine... I'll book a GP appointment." Connor replies.
"Promise me you will." Chloe says.
Connor swallows. He hates doing this - making a promise he can't keep. "I promise." he says.
"Thank you." she says, finally allowing herself to feel. She embraces him. "Are you sure you're okay?" she asks worriedly.
"Yes, I'm fine... just a little woozy is all..." Connor replies.
"You're in no state to drive. I'll drive us all home, and then I'll stay with you until you're well enough to drive me back to mine, okay?" Chloe says to Connor.
"Okay." Connor replies. With that, the gang bids Tre farewell, and Chloe drops everyone back home, before taking Connor to his bed and getting him to rest it off. She sits with him until he wakes up hours later, and he drives her home. He sits in the car with Sparky, now alone.
"That was... that was awful." Connor says.
"I had one of those once... that's when I learned to chew my leg to stop it." Sparky replies.
"Not even that. Lying to her like that. I was conscious the whole time, but I knew if I said that, it would look odd. So I lied. And she made me promise to see the doctor. And... and I lied again." Connor says, shamefully.
"You don't have a choice, not yet." Sparky says.
"Don't I? What about her choice? Doesn't she have a right to know?" Connor asks.
"Once this whole thing is over, we can tell her." Sparky says reassuringly.
"...fine." Connor says, before driving home.




Next up, Connor steps into the Singing Horse late at night, nodding to Pawel as the scent of stale smoke and spilled beer hits him. The dim light barely masks the bar’s wear and tear, but it feels familiar - like home, if home were a sketchy nightclub.
He then heads straight for the back office where Tommy works. He knocks on the door.
"Come in." Tommy says. Connor enters.
"Connor! Have a seat." Tommy says. He puts down the paper he's working on, and smiles.
"Someone's been a busy boy, eh?" Tommy says, raising an eyebrow.
"Hah, you could say that..." Connor nods.
"Don't sell yourself short. I have it on good authority that a certain werewolf killed Roman Mercer." Tommy smiles.
"Werewolf?" Connor asks, eyebrows raised. "That's a new one - better practice my howl."
"Yeah, that's the legend - a man who goes on rampages against the scum of this city - sometimes he's a man in a black kevlar suit, sometimes he's a savage wolf mauling spikers. No one knows the truth - they think it's the same man." Tommy says, pouring a drink.
Connor pauses. "That's good. If the rumours are wrong, that keeps the heat off me."
"Indeed." Tommy replies, raising his glass. "Cheers."
"Cheers." Connor replies, clinking his glass against Tommy's.
"Anyway," Tommy begins, "Since Mercer bit it and Slater got nicked, we've been able to focus on combatting the Patriots." Tommy smiles. "But... there's been reports. Rumours of men, who don't fight like men... but like, like a force of nature."
"Super Agents." Connor says, sipping his drink. "That's what I've been calling them. Mutants who've taken a serum like the one they gave me. But they're weaker - I'm not sure why." Connor pauses for thought.
"Maybe the one they gave you kills most people, so they made a weaker, safer version?" Tommy ponders aloud. "Either way, you've been fighting the good fight. Where do you get your info from?"
"I have a guy - a friend in the KGB. He's been feeding me intel on them. They're part of a group called 'ODESSA' - a nazi cabal. They're real pieces of work - and somehow, they're involved in whatever happened to me." Connor says, grimly.
"Nazis? Holy shit... That's not just scum, that's plague." Tommy says, his face turning pale. "Well, that explains the Patriot connection..."
"Yeah..." Connor replies. "They're ideological allies."
"By the way... is there a reason an IT consultancy firm based in the Bahamas has been sending us laundered money?" Tommy asks, eyebrow raised.
"Killing Mercer wasn't only for the sake of justice. He had a price on his head - some international assassin firm, called IES, they contracted me to take him out. I've never actually met them, but they've been paying my wages since I quit the repair shop."
"Well, good to hear it. With that money, I've managed to reopen the repair shop, double wages accross all our owned firms, and expand into other sectors. With the Patriots getting stronger, we're being seen as the only defence. Shops and pubs are coming to us for protection before we even ask them." Tommy smiles.
"Well, that's what the Syndicate has always been about, eh?" Connor cocks an eyebrow and smiles.
"By the way... I heard from a bent copper that the police suspect you're involved with us. Well, not you, the Werewolf... but still. The detective's name is DI Naismith." Tommy says pensively.
"Hmm... I have an idea." Connor says.
"What?" Tommy asks.
"ODESSA thrives in the shadows... you can't win a secret war against them." Connor says, staring into the distance. "But maybe... If I lead the investigation towards them, maybe the truth can be uncovered."
"Connor?" Tommy says, unsure.
"Look at me." Connor says, as if possessed by a revolutionary's fire. "I can run faster, hit harder, take more, than any human alive. They made me on purpose - why? As a weapon? Are they that short-sighted?"
"Short-sighted? Mate, they’re blind." Tommy mutters, shaking his head.
"With the technology they used to make me, they could have cured every disease known to man, and many more we don't know about. I just... These people. They squandered it, turned me into this... thing. Why? Because they cannot see beyond hatred. They've manipulated what should have been the dawn of Human, 2.0... made it dangerous. Made... Me." Connor stands up.
"I'm going to do whatever it takes to stop them. These elites can hide themselves in shadows... but the truth is mine to reveal."
"Connor..." Tommy says, awestruck.
Connor looks down, and locks eyes with Tommy. "I don't care that they only speak in whispers. I won't let them have the last word."
"Bravo." Tommy says, raising his glass. "I'm with you. You sure know how to make a man want to draw his sword and join the charge. Keep this up, we'll be storming the Bastille." Tommy chuckles.
Connor smiles. He's not sure where that came from, but...
"You know, when you said all that... All I could hear was your uncle." Tommy says, smiling.
"Thank you." Connor says, genuinely proud.
"So, what are you going to do?" Tommy asks.
"First, I'm going to find this DI Naismith - and see where his allegiances lie. Then, I'll lead him and his people to ODESSA. I'll make sure they arrive just as the fighting starts, and then - they'll have no choice but to investigate." Connor says. "It's a gamble, I admit - but if we can drag these scum into the open, the cops will have no choice but to act. And if they don't, that proves they're complicit - which makes them fair game." Connor grins, slyly.
"Smart move." Tommy nods. "Just don't expect them to thank you when you bust this open - Cops love a hero story, as long as they're the ones in the spotlight."
Connor smiles. "Call me if you need me. If these bastards hit us, I'm the one who can hit back."
"You've got it." Tommy smiles. "See you around, comrade."
"You too." Connor grins. He turns and leaves.
The words stick with him. "All I could hear was your uncle." The images of Vince clung to the forefront of Connor's mind.
"I'll see you soon, Vince..." Connor vows under his breath.





Next scene, we open with 