Failstate: this story, which focuses on the rise of the superhero Connor as he fights against a neo-nazi conspiracy called ODESSA

Monster Ops: Connor and some fellow superheroes form a team, and are hired by a top-secret order whose job is to monitor, contain, and destroy "demons." Initially skeptical, the heroes learn the demons are real, and eventually uncover a demon-worshipping cult at the very heart of the order, and defeat it

War of the Beast: A freak asteroid crash is revealed to have contained an alien lifeform. The heroes investigate, while also dealing with a growing movement called the Cult of the Beast, an international movement that claims to seek to evolve mankind and unify into a hive-mind. Eventually, they uncover that the alien they're chasing is behind this cult, and manage to stop it - in the process discovering that the alien comes from a species called Mutarchs - and more, the heroes are themselves part alien.

Salvation: A member of an alien race called the Lulamarians crashes onto Earth. It calls itself Kri-Lan, and explains it came to try and warn mankind of the Mutarch invasion, but clearly arrived too late. However, Kri-Lan discovers something amazing - while their species has a mass-infertility problem (only 1 in 1000 eggs will hatch, and only 1 in 1000 hatchlings are fertile - and of course, all the fertile one's eggs have the same issue), Kri-Lan is for some reason able to lay multiple viable eggs that hatch into fertile Lulamarians. Their government, the Consensus, catches wind of this and launches an invasion in the hopes of using Earth as a breeding ground. The heroes, aided by Kri-Lan, depose the Lulamarian leadership and negotiate a treaty where Earth is recognised as a rising, near-starfaring power, and the Consensus agrees to pay reparations and grant territorial rights to Earth's neighbouring star systems.

Templar: A year or so later, Connor's girlfriend/resident scientist Chloe is kidnapped by a mysterious figure and dragged through a portal. Realising Demons probablt had a hand in this, Connor and co. manage to re-open the portal and end up finding themselves in a Fantasy-esque pocket dimension full of elves, dwarves, ogres, halflings, and baffalingly, the descendents of the Legio IX Hispana - who accidentally opened up a portal in 121 AD.
They find that Chloe was kidnapped by Dethanas, the Vampire King. He has turned her into a Vampire, and she fights Connor, though eventually comes to her senses after nearly killing him. He feeds her his blood, which turns her into a vampire-alien hybrid (remember, Connor's part alien), and she regains her sanity and gets a power boost. Together, they kill Dethanas, but in the process the pocket dimension destabilises, so the inhabitants leave the dimension and seek refuge on Earth.
Upon their return, the Voidstone (which first appeard in Monster Ops) has broken, which has led to two things:
1. 1/3rd of humanity has changed from normal human to one of the fantasy races (elf, dwarf, ogre, or halfling).
2. A further 6% of humanity has gained the ability to perform 'magic', or gained some fantastical superpowers like unaided flight or laser eyes. Kri-Lan and the elven Archmage explain that this 'magic' is in fact the result of the psionic reawakening of humanity caused by the breaking of the Voidstone. Most "psions" can only do simple things like telepathic communication or basic telekinesis - but some can do much more.

Unity: Following from the emergence of "Metahumanity", discrimination against nonhumans becomes commonplace. Connor and co. decide to change this. They start by intervening in the still-ongoing Eurasian War, restoring the Soviet Blod as a genuine socialist democracy. From that, they begin spreading, going rogue and fighting against the anti-metahuman nations. Eventually, they manage to bring forth a new world order.

Apocalypse: In the Void, ancient demons are awoken by psychic ripples from Earth. A great and evil god called Malkaea stirs, and decides to put Earth through trial-by-fire. First, by launching Charon at Earth (this is narrowly thwarted by Earth's psions, but results in the moon having an unusual orbit - for 6 months at a time, it comes much closer to earth, making high tide far more dangerous. It also results in earth having saturn-like rings), then by releasing a modified version of the virus from the War of the Beast which kills most people over 25 and turns them into zombies (this is fixed by the heroes developing a vaccine and largely wiping out the zombies), then by blocking out the sun (which causes worldwide catastrophe and is fixed by Connor physically fighting the void entity causing this blockage), and finally by invading. the heroes	 organises a resistance to him, and they are supported in their hour of need by the Lulamarians.

The Republic of Earth: After all the alien invasions, Earth has been unified under the reformed Soviet Union, ushering in the era of the Republic of Earth. The RoE is different to the anti-meta regime as it accepts all Terrans, and indeed has good relations with the Lulamarians, but cold relations with the other galactic powers. The heroes act as the Republic's liaison with the Galactic Coalition, attempting to improve relations. Eventually, they are dragged into the war against the Malkaean Empire, and manage to kill the Emperor and trigger the Empire's collapse, while also integrating Earth into the galactic community.
Malkaea, enraged at the collapse of his personal theocracy, swears vengeance. He takes the shards of the Voidstone, and forges a terrible weapon...

Wrath of the Old Gods: Malkaea forges a device called the Dazarec, which can be used to open massive portals to the Void, resulting in a massive demon invasion of the galaxy. The heroes rise up to thwart this, in the process discovering the Old Gods that Malkaea killed and usurped. Connor is nearly killed, and wakes in the Afterlife, greeted by the Death God, Yothmar. Yothmar tells Connor how to kill a god, and Connor does so - forcing Malkaea to possess him, and sacrficing himself by jumping into a black hole. Despite trying to do so alone, his friends refuse to leave him, and they all go down together, taking the Dark God with them. As a reward for his sacrifice, Yothmar lets them all return to life - but due to the time-breaking nature of black holes, they end up in...

The Slow Path: basically a series of short stories. The heroes wind up back on Earth, but specifically in 121 AD, arriving just as the IX legion disappeared. This novel documents their adventures through history, and in particular, they see history going the way it did in OTL - like for example, reports that Teddy roosevelt won't seek a third term - so they change history to match their own memories, kicking off the alternate timeline seen above, and wrapping the story in a neat little bow. The Slow Path ends with them watching their past selves depart to kill Malkaea - they reveal themselves, and resume their lives, happily ever after.